# article_268_december-2022-financial-advisor-and-ria-moves-and

{'title': 'December 2022 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'introduction': 'The last month of 2022 did not disappoint from an activity basis as many RIAs, FAs and acquisitions took place ahead of the FINRA holiday shutdown which occurred on December 22 through year end. As many who have experienced a transition in the past, the planning a move requires detail around timing and the regulatory filings which are needed so you are not stuck in a grey zone during a transition. We saw the fruits of Merill’s recruiting push bear fruit in the last month of the year, however it was not enough to offset that they had lost the largest amount of assets during 2022.  As Merill’s recruiting push began in October, Morgan Stanley’s ended which was apparent in the transitions during the month as both Wells and Merrill took advantage of. On a net assets basis, none of the major national wires ( MS, UBS, ML and Wells) gained assets during the year, while LPL, Rockefeller and Cetera were the top three winners in terms of net assets on the year. Independents: Commonwealth Financial Network announced their intentions to purchase minority stakes in dually registered practices who currently clear through them.  They intend to keep their stakes at 40% or below.  This mirrors what other national independent firms such as LPL and Cetera have done in 2022. Ryan Financial Group based in Hibbing, MN and includes FAs: Jack Ryan,John Ryan, III, Greg Stalsberg, Tony Wilson and Ryan Wahlund who manage $750 M AUM, have joined Commonwealth Financial Network.  The Team was previously with Lincoln Financial Group. Trudy Leen, Ashley Scribner and Dara Fogg with $140 M AUM based in Seattle, WA have joined the Pillar Financial Group, part of Northwestern Mutual. They were previously with LPL. Scott LoPresti and Dean DiPierro in Coton on Hudson, NY who manage $500 M AUM have joined Lincoln Financial Network.  The team had been with LPL. Jeremy McChesney, Marci Rosenfeld, Jim Morehouse, Todd Duncan, and Jessica Huang whose team manages $1.25 B AUM, has joined Frist Republic in Palo Alto, CA and departed Wells Fargo. First Republic has recruited 13 teams managing over $12B during 2022 The Schmitt Group which is led by Steven Schmitt and Terence Belfor based in Beverly Hills, CA who manage $365 M AUM has joined Raymond James.  The Team specializes in serving the LGBTQ community and was previously with Morgan Stanley. Twin River Wealth Management in Selinsgrove, PA had joined Prospera. Led by Thayer "Terry" Potter, the team is brining $180 M AUM with them from Wells Fargo. Commerce Financial Advisors, the advisor unit of mid-west based Commerce Bank, is joining the LPL institutional platform. Approximately, 30 advisors managing $4.5 B AUM will be brought to the LP platform with the transition. Tim Truebenbach has joined LPL in Tacoma, WA under True Private Wealth Powered by LPL Financial managing $350 M AUM. He was previously with Morgan Stanley. Financial House has joined LPL’s dually registered RIA/BD platform. The team is based in Centreville, DE manages $650 M AUM and is led by Joseph Biloon, Robert Griesemer and Emily Woodson . They were previously with Lincoln Financial. Menninger & Associates Financial Planning in Norristown, PA has joined LPL’s dually registered RIA/BD platform. The team is led by Michael Menninger and manages $155 M AUM. They were previously with Cetera. DA Davidson opened two new offices in Winston-Salem and Greensboro, NC as they brought on board Hilary Kosloske and Rick Class managing $465 M AUM.  Both advisors came from Truist. small free trial banner Wirehouses: Sara McCue has joined UBS in Las Vegas, NV with $145 M AUM.  She was previously with Merrill Lynch. Morgan Stanley acquired the remnants of retirement focused robo advisor “ Bloom” that recently went bankrupt.  They were based in Kansas City, KS with $5 B AUM and mainly used ETFs and index funds as part of its process. Roei R. Gigi has joined Morgan Stanley in Great Neck, NY managing $1B AUM. Gigi has left his producing manager role at Merrill Lynch and is ranked on the Forbes best in State list. Ira Hershkowitz, Matthew Westphal, Erin C. Westphal, and Ryan Clemens based in Bellevue, WA who manage $1.7 B AUM have joined Morgan Stanley. The team is ranked on the Forbes Best in State list and typically target clients with a $1 million minimum.  They were previously with Merrill Lynch. Wesley T. Crowley has joined Morgan Stanley in the Cleveland, OH office managing $550 M AUM. His team includes five additional advisors (Edward B. (Ned) Siegler, Dominic B. Najem, Michael R. Brennan and Alishia Hussain) and has been named to the Best in State list.  They departed Merrill Lynch noting frustrations with grid changes over the years Joining the same Morgan Stanley office in Cleveland, was Craig Leone who brought $300 M AUM with him after departing Merrill Lynch. Frank A. Falco, Kevin C. Condon, John R. Huber and Alexandra Maksimow, of Great Neck, NY who manage $1B AUM have joined Merrill Lynch.  The Team was previously with Citi Private Bank and continues the trend of salaried bank based brokage teams moving to true FA focused firms. Scott Nash based in Bala Cynwyd, PA has joined Merrill Lynch under the team name “Nash Wealth Management Group”, departing Janney. Lane Wilson and Teri Miller have joined Merrill Lynch in Huntsville, AL and will operate in their bank broker division. The duo manage $180 M AUM and are coming from Morgan Stanley where they were part of the Monte Sano Group. Jeff Sartaine has joined Merrill Lynch in Huntington, WV and will be part of the “community markets” program at ML.  He is brining $160 M AUM with him in his move from Morgan Stanley. Steven Esposito based in Lake Forest, IL and manages $435 M AUM has joined Wells Fargo FINET division.  Esposito is ranked on the Forbes Best in State list and was previously with Morgan Stanley Roni Murshad is also joining Wells Fargo FINET in Gaithersburg, MD outside of DC brining $80 M AUM with him from Morgan Stanley. Wells recruiting from Morgan Stanley continued as Howard Lee and Terri Lane joined the Westlake Village, CA office with $400 M AUM. small free trial banner Acquisitions and New RIAs: Bridgecreek Investment Management who manages $1B in Tulsa, OK has been purchased by Hub International. Bridgecreek’s practice has concentrated on multi-generational families, corporations and foundations.   Hub has been very acquisitive in 2022 overall, this marking the 42nd as they continue to add wealth management capabilities to their insurance brokerage base. Cherry Bekaert Wealth Management based in Richmond, VA has been purchased out of their accounting firm parent, by Choreo (PE backed).  Cherry Bekaert manages $560 M in discretionary and $435 M in advisory.  Cherry Bekaert Wealth Management manages roughly $569m in client assets and advises on another $435m. Spectrum Wealth Management in Indianapolis, IN who is led by Leslie Thompson, has joined Focus Financial bringing $977 M AUM to the firm.  This is the sixth transaction for Focus in 2022. In one of the rarer moves, a new RIA was launched from the ground up by Dynasty Financial Partners in Radnor, PA called Nordwand Capital. Jim Martin, previously with Morgan Stanley will lead the team with $5B AUM and focus on families with $100M or more.  The firm has chosen to custody assets with Fidelity BTR Capital Management an RIA led by Lewis Katcher based in Oakland, CA with $1B AUM has been purchased by WEG (PE backed). Ginsburg Financial Advisors who manages $237 M AUM in Oakland, CA led by Larry P. Ginsburg has been purchased by WEG. Mercer had been very busy in the closing weeks of 2022.  The Asset Advisory Group led by Jeannette A. Jones in Cincinnati, OH with $370 M AUM has been purchased by Mercer Global Advisors (PE backed). Vintage Financial Services, an RIA managing $850 M AUM based in Ann Arbor, MI was purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. All 16 employees of Vintage will be joining Mercer. Resource Planning Group led by John E. Howard based in Atlanta, GA managing $325 M AUM was purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. Regis Management Company based in San Francisco, CA managing $5 B AUM has been purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. The RIA is led by Robert Burlinson, Peter Gifford, Stephen Donahue, Matthew Krensky, and Steven Go. Post these acquisitions, Merger Global’s AUM will be near $40 B AUM. Perennial Financial Services in Los Angeles, CA has purchased Ford Financial Group led by Brian Ullman and Ryan Louie in Fresno, CA with $860 M AUM.  Both firms were affiliated with LPL’s RIA unit and together will managed $1.9 hybrid RIA.  Ford will retain its firm name. Nauset Wealth Management LLC, an RIA with $330 M AUM in Westport, CT and a team of four FAs has been purchased by Perigon Wealth Management (PE backed) . They will also be opening up a new office in Atlanta, GA and brings their assets to $4 B AUM. Clintsman Financial Planning, led by Bryan Clintsman in the Dallas, TX and manages $509 M AUM has been purchased by Buckingham Strategic Wealth.  Buckingham is backed by Focus Financial. Davis & Seiley Wealth Management an RIA managing $189 M AUM in San Diego, CA led by Marc Davis and Joe Seiley has been purchased by Hoyle Cohen (backed by Focus Financial).  This will bring their AUM near $3.3 B post merger. For Focus, this is the 21st acquisition of the year. Sage Financial Advisors led by Brian Loy and based in Reno, NV with $194 M AUM was acquired by Wealthspire Advisors.  Wealthspire is part of NFP. Bernhardt Wealth Management based in McLean, VA led by Gordon Bernhardt and manages $750 M AUM has been purchased by Modera Wealth Management.  Modera is backed by TRIA Capital Partners. Ballast Rock Private Wealth based in Charleston, SC , has been established by splitting off from Ballast Rock Asset Management which focuses on alts for HNW clients.  The new RIA will have $220 M AUM mainly in established alts and attracted an additional $50 M in additional incoming assets since the split into their own practice. One of the larger acquisitions during the quarter was Willow Street, who is a trust company based in Jackson, WY with $35 B in AUM, was purchased by RIA Pathstone ( PE backed).  Wyoming is a popular state for trusts due to dynasty trust laws and Pathstone had been seeking a trust offering for UHNW clients. Diagonal Investment Office, has been launched as a new RIA in Miami, FL by Sanctuary Wealth.   They will be focusing on family office services to UHNW Latin American clients and have amassed $200 M AUM at the time of launch. Hayes Financial based in San Jose, CA has been purchased by Mariner Wealth Advisors. Hayes is led by Zachary Hayes and manages $325 M AUM and focuses on clients in the tech sector.  Post-acquisition, this is Mariner’s 81st office.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'December 2022 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'content': 'The last month of 2022 did not disappoint from an activity basis as many RIAs, FAs and acquisitions took place ahead of the FINRA holiday shutdown which occurred on December 22 through year end. As many who have experienced a transition in the past, the planning a move requires detail around timing and the regulatory filings which are needed so you are not stuck in a grey zone during a transition. We saw the fruits of Merill’s recruiting push bear fruit in the last month of the year, however it was not enough to offset that they had lost the largest amount of assets during 2022.  As Merill’s recruiting push began in October, Morgan Stanley’s ended which was apparent in the transitions during the month as both Wells and Merrill took advantage of. On a net assets basis, none of the major national wires ( MS, UBS, ML and Wells) gained assets during the year, while LPL, Rockefeller and Cetera were the top three winners in terms of net assets on the year. Independents: Commonwealth Financial Network announced their intentions to purchase minority stakes in dually registered practices who currently clear through them.  They intend to keep their stakes at 40% or below.  This mirrors what other national independent firms such as LPL and Cetera have done in 2022. Ryan Financial Group based in Hibbing, MN and includes FAs: Jack Ryan,John Ryan, III, Greg Stalsberg, Tony Wilson and Ryan Wahlund who manage $750 M AUM, have joined Commonwealth Financial Network.  The Team was previously with Lincoln Financial Group. Trudy Leen, Ashley Scribner and Dara Fogg with $140 M AUM based in Seattle, WA have joined the Pillar Financial Group, part of Northwestern Mutual. They were previously with LPL. Scott LoPresti and Dean DiPierro in Coton on Hudson, NY who manage $500 M AUM have joined Lincoln Financial Network.  The team had been with LPL. Jeremy McChesney, Marci Rosenfeld, Jim Morehouse, Todd Duncan, and Jessica Huang whose team manages $1.25 B AUM, has joined Frist Republic in Palo Alto, CA and departed Wells Fargo. First Republic has recruited 13 teams managing over $12B during 2022 The Schmitt Group which is led by Steven Schmitt and Terence Belfor based in Beverly Hills, CA who manage $365 M AUM has joined Raymond James.  The Team specializes in serving the LGBTQ community and was previously with Morgan Stanley. Twin River Wealth Management in Selinsgrove, PA had joined Prospera. Led by Thayer "Terry" Potter, the team is brining $180 M AUM with them from Wells Fargo. Commerce Financial Advisors, the advisor unit of mid-west based Commerce Bank, is joining the LPL institutional platform. Approximately, 30 advisors managing $4.5 B AUM will be brought to the LP platform with the transition. Tim Truebenbach has joined LPL in Tacoma, WA under True Private Wealth Powered by LPL Financial managing $350 M AUM. He was previously with Morgan Stanley. Financial House has joined LPL’s dually registered RIA/BD platform. The team is based in Centreville, DE manages $650 M AUM and is led by Joseph Biloon, Robert Griesemer and Emily Woodson . They were previously with Lincoln Financial. Menninger & Associates Financial Planning in Norristown, PA has joined LPL’s dually registered RIA/BD platform. The team is led by Michael Menninger and manages $155 M AUM. They were previously with Cetera. DA Davidson opened two new offices in Winston-Salem and Greensboro, NC as they brought on board Hilary Kosloske and Rick Class managing $465 M AUM.  Both advisors came from Truist. small free trial banner Wirehouses: Sara McCue has joined UBS in Las Vegas, NV with $145 M AUM.  She was previously with Merrill Lynch. Morgan Stanley acquired the remnants of retirement focused robo advisor “ Bloom” that recently went bankrupt.  They were based in Kansas City, KS with $5 B AUM and mainly used ETFs and index funds as part of its process. Roei R. Gigi has joined Morgan Stanley in Great Neck, NY managing $1B AUM. Gigi has left his producing manager role at Merrill Lynch and is ranked on the Forbes best in State list. Ira Hershkowitz, Matthew Westphal, Erin C. Westphal, and Ryan Clemens based in Bellevue, WA who manage $1.7 B AUM have joined Morgan Stanley. The team is ranked on the Forbes Best in State list and typically target clients with a $1 million minimum.  They were previously with Merrill Lynch. Wesley T. Crowley has joined Morgan Stanley in the Cleveland, OH office managing $550 M AUM. His team includes five additional advisors (Edward B. (Ned) Siegler, Dominic B. Najem, Michael R. Brennan and Alishia Hussain) and has been named to the Best in State list.  They departed Merrill Lynch noting frustrations with grid changes over the years Joining the same Morgan Stanley office in Cleveland, was Craig Leone who brought $300 M AUM with him after departing Merrill Lynch. Frank A. Falco, Kevin C. Condon, John R. Huber and Alexandra Maksimow, of Great Neck, NY who manage $1B AUM have joined Merrill Lynch.  The Team was previously with Citi Private Bank and continues the trend of salaried bank based brokage teams moving to true FA focused firms. Scott Nash based in Bala Cynwyd, PA has joined Merrill Lynch under the team name “Nash Wealth Management Group”, departing Janney. Lane Wilson and Teri Miller have joined Merrill Lynch in Huntsville, AL and will operate in their bank broker division. The duo manage $180 M AUM and are coming from Morgan Stanley where they were part of the Monte Sano Group. Jeff Sartaine has joined Merrill Lynch in Huntington, WV and will be part of the “community markets” program at ML.  He is brining $160 M AUM with him in his move from Morgan Stanley. Steven Esposito based in Lake Forest, IL and manages $435 M AUM has joined Wells Fargo FINET division.  Esposito is ranked on the Forbes Best in State list and was previously with Morgan Stanley Roni Murshad is also joining Wells Fargo FINET in Gaithersburg, MD outside of DC brining $80 M AUM with him from Morgan Stanley. Wells recruiting from Morgan Stanley continued as Howard Lee and Terri Lane joined the Westlake Village, CA office with $400 M AUM. small free trial banner Acquisitions and New RIAs: Bridgecreek Investment Management who manages $1B in Tulsa, OK has been purchased by Hub International. Bridgecreek’s practice has concentrated on multi-generational families, corporations and foundations.   Hub has been very acquisitive in 2022 overall, this marking the 42nd as they continue to add wealth management capabilities to their insurance brokerage base. Cherry Bekaert Wealth Management based in Richmond, VA has been purchased out of their accounting firm parent, by Choreo (PE backed).  Cherry Bekaert manages $560 M in discretionary and $435 M in advisory.  Cherry Bekaert Wealth Management manages roughly $569m in client assets and advises on another $435m. Spectrum Wealth Management in Indianapolis, IN who is led by Leslie Thompson, has joined Focus Financial bringing $977 M AUM to the firm.  This is the sixth transaction for Focus in 2022. In one of the rarer moves, a new RIA was launched from the ground up by Dynasty Financial Partners in Radnor, PA called Nordwand Capital. Jim Martin, previously with Morgan Stanley will lead the team with $5B AUM and focus on families with $100M or more.  The firm has chosen to custody assets with Fidelity BTR Capital Management an RIA led by Lewis Katcher based in Oakland, CA with $1B AUM has been purchased by WEG (PE backed). Ginsburg Financial Advisors who manages $237 M AUM in Oakland, CA led by Larry P. Ginsburg has been purchased by WEG. Mercer had been very busy in the closing weeks of 2022.  The Asset Advisory Group led by Jeannette A. Jones in Cincinnati, OH with $370 M AUM has been purchased by Mercer Global Advisors (PE backed). Vintage Financial Services, an RIA managing $850 M AUM based in Ann Arbor, MI was purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. All 16 employees of Vintage will be joining Mercer. Resource Planning Group led by John E. Howard based in Atlanta, GA managing $325 M AUM was purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. Regis Management Company based in San Francisco, CA managing $5 B AUM has been purchased by Mercer Global Advisors. The RIA is led by Robert Burlinson, Peter Gifford, Stephen Donahue, Matthew Krensky, and Steven Go. Post these acquisitions, Merger Global’s AUM will be near $40 B AUM. Perennial Financial Services in Los Angeles, CA has purchased Ford Financial Group led by Brian Ullman and Ryan Louie in Fresno, CA with $860 M AUM.  Both firms were affiliated with LPL’s RIA unit and together will managed $1.9 hybrid RIA.  Ford will retain its firm name. Nauset Wealth Management LLC, an RIA with $330 M AUM in Westport, CT and a team of four FAs has been purchased by Perigon Wealth Management (PE backed) . They will also be opening up a new office in Atlanta, GA and brings their assets to $4 B AUM. Clintsman Financial Planning, led by Bryan Clintsman in the Dallas, TX and manages $509 M AUM has been purchased by Buckingham Strategic Wealth.  Buckingham is backed by Focus Financial. Davis & Seiley Wealth Management an RIA managing $189 M AUM in San Diego, CA led by Marc Davis and Joe Seiley has been purchased by Hoyle Cohen (backed by Focus Financial).  This will bring their AUM near $3.3 B post merger. For Focus, this is the 21st acquisition of the year. Sage Financial Advisors led by Brian Loy and based in Reno, NV with $194 M AUM was acquired by Wealthspire Advisors.  Wealthspire is part of NFP. Bernhardt Wealth Management based in McLean, VA led by Gordon Bernhardt and manages $750 M AUM has been purchased by Modera Wealth Management.  Modera is backed by TRIA Capital Partners. Ballast Rock Private Wealth based in Charleston, SC , has been established by splitting off from Ballast Rock Asset Management which focuses on alts for HNW clients.  The new RIA will have $220 M AUM mainly in established alts and attracted an additional $50 M in additional incoming assets since the split into their own practice. One of the larger acquisitions during the quarter was Willow Street, who is a trust company based in Jackson, WY with $35 B in AUM, was purchased by RIA Pathstone ( PE backed).  Wyoming is a popular state for trusts due to dynasty trust laws and Pathstone had been seeking a trust offering for UHNW clients. Diagonal Investment Office, has been launched as a new RIA in Miami, FL by Sanctuary Wealth.   They will be focusing on family office services to UHNW Latin American clients and have amassed $200 M AUM at the time of launch. Hayes Financial based in San Jose, CA has been purchased by Mariner Wealth Advisors. Hayes is led by Zachary Hayes and manages $325 M AUM and focuses on clients in the tech sector.  Post-acquisition, this is Mariner’s 81st office.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_280_the-benefits-of-dakota-marketplace-for-private-equ

{'title': 'The Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Private Equity Firms', 'introduction': 'If you’re an investment salesperson, you already know that without a meeting, nothing is possible. But to get that meeting, several things need to happen, including: Knowing and understanding your target market Knowing who to call on Knowing what a particular firm invests in already, as well as how much they’re investing Just getting to this point can be an extremely time-consuming, tedious, and expensive process. Most salespeople waste hours of time researching who to call on, which is not a productive use of their time. We know, because at Dakota, we’ve been fundraising ourselves since 2006, and have raised over $35 billion in that time. We’ve taken that experience and used it to create Dakota Marketplace, the leading fundraising platform for traditional and alternative investment firms. Marketplace contains over 10,000 accounts and 34,000 contacts, all vetted and reviewed by our investment sales and in-house data teams. What does that mean for you? It means that you can save time, money, and energy researching who to call on, and find exactly what you need in Dakota Marketplace with just a few clicks. In this article, we’re going to outline the benefits of Dakota Marketplace for private equity firms. By the end of the article, you’ll have a better understanding of exactly what benefits Marketplace provides, and whether or not it’s a fit for your firm. 1. Save time planning roadshows, travel, and city scheduling If you’re traveling or planning out a roadshow, it’s easy to get overwhelmed with planning, travel times and details, and other key information for your meetings and events. Dakota Marketplace has a Map It feature that helps maximize your day by helping you identify additional firms in a certain city to book meetings with, which can inform where you’re going to stay, and outlining how far you’re going to travel between meetings. Map It helps you find the best route for your day, makes sure you’ve got the address right for each place ahead of time, and more. 2. Identify and understand who invests in Private Equity, and for how much A key element of Dakota Marketplace is our investment stats. These stats are always clean, up-to-date numbers that help you do your due diligence on a firm before you meet with them. The investment statistics included in Dakota Marketplace make this research incredibly quick and simple as these stats are right at your fingertips. You can determine how you’re going to target accounts based on where they’ve allocated previously, see their underlying investments, and then decide if you’re ready to reach out for a meeting. 3. Set more meetings with qualified buyers Marketplace takes all the guesswork out of building a pipeline of accounts and contacts to call on. Instead of sifting through hundreds of thousands of potentially outdated contacts, Marketplace includes a curated list of over 10,000 accounts and over 34,000 contacts. Our team calls on these accounts themselves, and verifies them daily, meaning you save time and energy building out lists of contacts so you can get down to what matters most – setting more meetings with qualified buyers who invest in your strategy. 4. Prepare for meetings with ease with competitor insights Dakota Marketplace makes it incredibly easy to know what your competitors are saying in presentations through our Manager Presentation decks feature, as well as what fees are being paid and to whom through the Fee Studies feature. Save an enormous amount of time researching before meetings with the two easily accessible features right within Marketplace. 5. Be the first to know when a new private equity search or RFP is posted Find out as soon as a new search or RFP is listed with Dakota Searches. By filling out a simple contact form, you’ll be subscribed to be the first to know when a search is posted within your asset class so you never miss an opportunity.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Private Equity Firms', 'content': 'If you’re an investment salesperson, you already know that without a meeting, nothing is possible. But to get that meeting, several things need to happen, including: Knowing and understanding your target market Knowing who to call on Knowing what a particular firm invests in already, as well as how much they’re investing Just getting to this point can be an extremely time-consuming, tedious, and expensive process. Most salespeople waste hours of time researching who to call on, which is not a productive use of their time. We know, because at Dakota, we’ve been fundraising ourselves since 2006, and have raised over $35 billion in that time. We’ve taken that experience and used it to create Dakota Marketplace, the leading fundraising platform for traditional and alternative investment firms. Marketplace contains over 10,000 accounts and 34,000 contacts, all vetted and reviewed by our investment sales and in-house data teams. What does that mean for you? It means that you can save time, money, and energy researching who to call on, and find exactly what you need in Dakota Marketplace with just a few clicks. In this article, we’re going to outline the benefits of Dakota Marketplace for private equity firms. By the end of the article, you’ll have a better understanding of exactly what benefits Marketplace provides, and whether or not it’s a fit for your firm. 1. Save time planning roadshows, travel, and city scheduling If you’re traveling or planning out a roadshow, it’s easy to get overwhelmed with planning, travel times and details, and other key information for your meetings and events. Dakota Marketplace has a Map It feature that helps maximize your day by helping you identify additional firms in a certain city to book meetings with, which can inform where you’re going to stay, and outlining how far you’re going to travel between meetings. Map It helps you find the best route for your day, makes sure you’ve got the address right for each place ahead of time, and more. 2. Identify and understand who invests in Private Equity, and for how much A key element of Dakota Marketplace is our investment stats. These stats are always clean, up-to-date numbers that help you do your due diligence on a firm before you meet with them. The investment statistics included in Dakota Marketplace make this research incredibly quick and simple as these stats are right at your fingertips. You can determine how you’re going to target accounts based on where they’ve allocated previously, see their underlying investments, and then decide if you’re ready to reach out for a meeting. 3. Set more meetings with qualified buyers Marketplace takes all the guesswork out of building a pipeline of accounts and contacts to call on. Instead of sifting through hundreds of thousands of potentially outdated contacts, Marketplace includes a curated list of over 10,000 accounts and over 34,000 contacts. Our team calls on these accounts themselves, and verifies them daily, meaning you save time and energy building out lists of contacts so you can get down to what matters most – setting more meetings with qualified buyers who invest in your strategy. 4. Prepare for meetings with ease with competitor insights Dakota Marketplace makes it incredibly easy to know what your competitors are saying in presentations through our Manager Presentation decks feature, as well as what fees are being paid and to whom through the Fee Studies feature. Save an enormous amount of time researching before meetings with the two easily accessible features right within Marketplace. 5. Be the first to know when a new private equity search or RFP is posted Find out as soon as a new search or RFP is listed with Dakota Searches. By filling out a simple contact form, you’ll be subscribed to be the first to know when a search is posted within your asset class so you never miss an opportunity.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_070_the-future-of-private-funds-what-we-learned-from-t

{'title': 'The Future of Private Funds: What We Learned from the Kayo 2024 Women in Private Funds Conference', 'introduction': "Attending investment industry conferences is more than just a chance to network; it's an opportunity to gain fresh insights, stay ahead of emerging trends, and build meaningful connections that can shape both individual careers and entire organizations. At Dakota, we know the power of these events firsthand – our team regularly attends conferences like the Women in Private Funds to stay on the pulse of industry shifts and bring back actionable insights. This year’s Kayo Women in Private Funds Conference held in early October was no exception. With a dynamic lineup of speakers and panels, the event provided a deep dive into growth strategies, ESG integration, and the evolving landscape of private markets. I walked away from the event inspired and armed with key takeaways that I knew could benefit our broader community. In this article, we’ve listed out the most important highlights from the event, focusing on actionable advice for institutional investors, emerging managers, and family offices alike. By the end of this, whether you’re navigating the world of private funds or just looking for strategic insights to apply to your own role, you’ll have takeaways that will keep you informed and ahead of the curve. Growth Metrics: The KPIs That Matter Most During the opening workshop, a member from a leading private equity and venture capital firm focused on scaling growth-stage technology and software companies based in New York, emphasized the importance of understanding leading vs. lagging indicators in measuring business success. Key performance indicators like market size, revenue growth, and customer retention are vital to building a sustainable business. They also highlighted the power of compounding retention rates and urged investors to analyze customer churn to better gauge a business's health and positioning. Lastly, they emphasized that companies should also leverage modern tools like ChatGPT to enhance decision-making at the board level. Institutional Investor Outlook: Where’s the Focus? Leaders from a lower middle-market investment firm, a prominent endowment, and a global investment management firm highlighted key areas of focus for the future. The lower middle-market investment firm emphasized their commitment to funds led by experienced operators who can drive operational improvements and navigate economic cycles. This strategy allows them to maintain stability in uncertain markets. Meanwhile, the endowment is working to understand how AI will affect sectors like healthcare, biotech, energy, food, and the future of work. Rather than engaging in traditional venture capital with its long lock-up periods, they are pursuing opportunities where AI can have a real-world impact within public market opportunities. The $17 billion global investment management firm is taking a thematic investing approach, targeting sectors like education, healthcare, and energy transition. They emphasize the importance of understanding a manager’s edge – whether that’s through deep sector expertise or a unique investment process. Successful managers must be able to not only demonstrate past success but show why their strategies will continue to generate returns in the future. As we can see, institutional investors are increasingly looking for fund managers who bring both financial expertise and operational value, focusing on long-term, sustainable growth in sectors poised for transformation. The Rise of Evergreen Funds and Private Wealth Solutions With high-net-worth individuals showing increased interest in private markets, the panel on Private Wealth Solutions explored the growing role of evergreen funds. These flexible structures are designed to provide more liquidity and easier access for investors who traditionally struggled with the high minimums and long lock-up periods of conventional private equity funds. A private market firm based in Philadelphia has grown its private wealth team to accommodate this demand - offering evergreen products that appeal to high-net-worth investors seeking diversification. Meanwhile, another RIA based in New York emphasized the importance of educating investors on the benefits of illiquidity and focusing on long-term capital rather than short-term returns. ESG and Sustainability: A Critical Focus The conversation around ESG and impact investing was a central focus at the conference. A member from an investment management firm and other panelists noted that LPs show varying levels of commitment to ESG - some fully embracing it, while others are hesitant due to political pressures. Firms emphasized that ESG is not a trade-off for returns, but rather an important  risk management tool. Another panelist at a New York based private credit firm underscored this by making a clear distinction between product and process in their ESG approach. On the product side, they focus on aligning investments with investor priorities, steering clear of political debates. The tension surrounding ESG has, in fact, sharpened strategies and made firms smarter. On the process side, they ensure that their ESG practices fulfill the specific mandates of each fund without compromising returns. This distinction between product and process allows firms like theirs to successfully navigate the ESG landscape, delivering both impact and performance. The discussion clarified that integrating ESG into investment processes supports not only financial growth but also long-term sustainability - addressing critical issues like climate change, human rights, and responsible labor practices. While the anti-ESG movement has stirred debate, it has ultimately refined the industry’s understanding, making it more focused and effective. Opportunities and Challenges for Emerging Managers With LPs favoring larger, established firms, Emerging managers continue to face a tough fundraising environment. However, the panel highlighted that creative strategies and strong relationships can and have been helping new managers stand out. For instance, family offices and larger firms are more willing to provide seed capital or anchor investments, but only to those who maintain consistent, meaningful communication and clearly demonstrate their unique value proposition. Rather than sending generic updates to a wide audience, the panel emphasized the importance of targeted touch points with LPs that fit your strategy. Focus on short, transparent updates – such as new deals or fundraising progress – and schedule follow-ups to keep the relationship alive. Avoid simply sending a data room link and ensure your team is delivering a unified message to LPs, and more importantly make sure you have a clear, differentiated story and 2-3 year runway for fundraising. The key takeaway: build ongoing, thoughtful relationships with LPs, and provide them with insights they can share with their investment committees. This approach helps emerging managers cut through the noise in a crowded market. At Dakota, we have taken the initiative to start our own monthly show called the Emerging Manager Growth Show where we highlight best practices for emerging managers, and how to make the most of a small budget. Family Offices: A Growing Force in Private Markets Family offices are playing an increasingly significant role in the private markets, with their influence expected to grow substantially over the next decade. The panel highlighted that there are approximately 10,000 single-family offices and 5,000 multi-family offices globally, with this number expected to double by 2030. As family offices continue to expand, they are projected to surpass hedge funds in terms of AUM. Family offices are particularly interested in customized asset allocation and tax-efficient strategies, tailoring their investments to meet the specific needs of their clients. Many are increasingly drawn to direct investments in private markets, preferring to bypass fund-level fees. For these investors, sectors like real estate, private credit, and private equity offer significant appeal due to their tangible assets and the potential for strong returns. The panel also noted a shift in investment strategies across generations. While earlier generations of family offices favored direct investments, later generations are becoming more conservative and risk-averse, focusing on real estate and tax-efficient strategies to preserve wealth. Emerging trends include family offices becoming more cost-conscious and professionalizing their operations, with many investing in technology, expanding their internal teams, and diversifying partnerships to ensure a more sophisticated approach to managing their wealth. Family offices continue to be attracted to sectors like healthcare, infrastructure, and alternative credit, especially as traditional private credit becomes more challenging. They are also actively seeking distressed real estate opportunities, particularly in areas like multifamily housing, which remains underinvested. In short, family offices are becoming a driving force in private markets, with a focus on customized, tax-efficient investments, direct investing, and a continued appetite for private equity and real estate – all while professionalizing their operations to better manage their growing influence. Stay Ahead With These Strategic Insights The Kayo 2024 Women in Private Funds Conference shed light on many emerging trends and challenges in the private markets. From the evolving role of KPIs in growth strategies to the rise of evergreen funds and the critical importance of ESG, the insights shared at this event will undoubtedly shape the future of private funds. Whether you're an institutional investor, an emerging manager, or part of a family office, the key takeaway is clear: adaptability and strategic thinking will be essential to navigating the path forward. To view upcoming conferences, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Future of Private Funds: What We Learned from the Kayo 2024 Women in Private Funds Conference', 'content': "Attending investment industry conferences is more than just a chance to network; it's an opportunity to gain fresh insights, stay ahead of emerging trends, and build meaningful connections that can shape both individual careers and entire organizations. At Dakota, we know the power of these events firsthand – our team regularly attends conferences like the Women in Private Funds to stay on the pulse of industry shifts and bring back actionable insights. This year’s Kayo Women in Private Funds Conference held in early October was no exception. With a dynamic lineup of speakers and panels, the event provided a deep dive into growth strategies, ESG integration, and the evolving landscape of private markets. I walked away from the event inspired and armed with key takeaways that I knew could benefit our broader community. In this article, we’ve listed out the most important highlights from the event, focusing on actionable advice for institutional investors, emerging managers, and family offices alike. By the end of this, whether you’re navigating the world of private funds or just looking for strategic insights to apply to your own role, you’ll have takeaways that will keep you informed and ahead of the curve. Growth Metrics: The KPIs That Matter Most During the opening workshop, a member from a leading private equity and venture capital firm focused on scaling growth-stage technology and software companies based in New York, emphasized the importance of understanding leading vs. lagging indicators in measuring business success. Key performance indicators like market size, revenue growth, and customer retention are vital to building a sustainable business. They also highlighted the power of compounding retention rates and urged investors to analyze customer churn to better gauge a business's health and positioning. Lastly, they emphasized that companies should also leverage modern tools like ChatGPT to enhance decision-making at the board level. Institutional Investor Outlook: Where’s the Focus? Leaders from a lower middle-market investment firm, a prominent endowment, and a global investment management firm highlighted key areas of focus for the future. The lower middle-market investment firm emphasized their commitment to funds led by experienced operators who can drive operational improvements and navigate economic cycles. This strategy allows them to maintain stability in uncertain markets. Meanwhile, the endowment is working to understand how AI will affect sectors like healthcare, biotech, energy, food, and the future of work. Rather than engaging in traditional venture capital with its long lock-up periods, they are pursuing opportunities where AI can have a real-world impact within public market opportunities. The $17 billion global investment management firm is taking a thematic investing approach, targeting sectors like education, healthcare, and energy transition. They emphasize the importance of understanding a manager’s edge – whether that’s through deep sector expertise or a unique investment process. Successful managers must be able to not only demonstrate past success but show why their strategies will continue to generate returns in the future. As we can see, institutional investors are increasingly looking for fund managers who bring both financial expertise and operational value, focusing on long-term, sustainable growth in sectors poised for transformation. The Rise of Evergreen Funds and Private Wealth Solutions With high-net-worth individuals showing increased interest in private markets, the panel on Private Wealth Solutions explored the growing role of evergreen funds. These flexible structures are designed to provide more liquidity and easier access for investors who traditionally struggled with the high minimums and long lock-up periods of conventional private equity funds. A private market firm based in Philadelphia has grown its private wealth team to accommodate this demand - offering evergreen products that appeal to high-net-worth investors seeking diversification. Meanwhile, another RIA based in New York emphasized the importance of educating investors on the benefits of illiquidity and focusing on long-term capital rather than short-term returns. ESG and Sustainability: A Critical Focus The conversation around ESG and impact investing was a central focus at the conference. A member from an investment management firm and other panelists noted that LPs show varying levels of commitment to ESG - some fully embracing it, while others are hesitant due to political pressures. Firms emphasized that ESG is not a trade-off for returns, but rather an important  risk management tool. Another panelist at a New York based private credit firm underscored this by making a clear distinction between product and process in their ESG approach. On the product side, they focus on aligning investments with investor priorities, steering clear of political debates. The tension surrounding ESG has, in fact, sharpened strategies and made firms smarter. On the process side, they ensure that their ESG practices fulfill the specific mandates of each fund without compromising returns. This distinction between product and process allows firms like theirs to successfully navigate the ESG landscape, delivering both impact and performance. The discussion clarified that integrating ESG into investment processes supports not only financial growth but also long-term sustainability - addressing critical issues like climate change, human rights, and responsible labor practices. While the anti-ESG movement has stirred debate, it has ultimately refined the industry’s understanding, making it more focused and effective. Opportunities and Challenges for Emerging Managers With LPs favoring larger, established firms, Emerging managers continue to face a tough fundraising environment. However, the panel highlighted that creative strategies and strong relationships can and have been helping new managers stand out. For instance, family offices and larger firms are more willing to provide seed capital or anchor investments, but only to those who maintain consistent, meaningful communication and clearly demonstrate their unique value proposition. Rather than sending generic updates to a wide audience, the panel emphasized the importance of targeted touch points with LPs that fit your strategy. Focus on short, transparent updates – such as new deals or fundraising progress – and schedule follow-ups to keep the relationship alive. Avoid simply sending a data room link and ensure your team is delivering a unified message to LPs, and more importantly make sure you have a clear, differentiated story and 2-3 year runway for fundraising. The key takeaway: build ongoing, thoughtful relationships with LPs, and provide them with insights they can share with their investment committees. This approach helps emerging managers cut through the noise in a crowded market. At Dakota, we have taken the initiative to start our own monthly show called the Emerging Manager Growth Show where we highlight best practices for emerging managers, and how to make the most of a small budget. Family Offices: A Growing Force in Private Markets Family offices are playing an increasingly significant role in the private markets, with their influence expected to grow substantially over the next decade. The panel highlighted that there are approximately 10,000 single-family offices and 5,000 multi-family offices globally, with this number expected to double by 2030. As family offices continue to expand, they are projected to surpass hedge funds in terms of AUM. Family offices are particularly interested in customized asset allocation and tax-efficient strategies, tailoring their investments to meet the specific needs of their clients. Many are increasingly drawn to direct investments in private markets, preferring to bypass fund-level fees. For these investors, sectors like real estate, private credit, and private equity offer significant appeal due to their tangible assets and the potential for strong returns. The panel also noted a shift in investment strategies across generations. While earlier generations of family offices favored direct investments, later generations are becoming more conservative and risk-averse, focusing on real estate and tax-efficient strategies to preserve wealth. Emerging trends include family offices becoming more cost-conscious and professionalizing their operations, with many investing in technology, expanding their internal teams, and diversifying partnerships to ensure a more sophisticated approach to managing their wealth. Family offices continue to be attracted to sectors like healthcare, infrastructure, and alternative credit, especially as traditional private credit becomes more challenging. They are also actively seeking distressed real estate opportunities, particularly in areas like multifamily housing, which remains underinvested. In short, family offices are becoming a driving force in private markets, with a focus on customized, tax-efficient investments, direct investing, and a continued appetite for private equity and real estate – all while professionalizing their operations to better manage their growing influence. Stay Ahead With These Strategic Insights The Kayo 2024 Women in Private Funds Conference shed light on many emerging trends and challenges in the private markets. From the evolving role of KPIs in growth strategies to the rise of evergreen funds and the critical importance of ESG, the insights shared at this event will undoubtedly shape the future of private funds. Whether you're an institutional investor, an emerging manager, or part of a family office, the key takeaway is clear: adaptability and strategic thinking will be essential to navigating the path forward. To view upcoming conferences, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_171_6-strategies-to-improve-work-performance-in-invest

{'title': '6 Strategies to Improve Work Performance in Investment Sales', 'introduction': "In the fast-paced world of institutional investment sales, staying ahead of the curve is not just an option - it's a necessity. As professionals in this field, we understand that our performance directly impacts our ability to serve clients and manage investments effectively. By incorporating these strategies into your daily routine, you can enhance your performance and make significant strides in your career as an institutional investment sales professional. It’s important to remember that success in our field is not just about meeting targets - it's about building trust, demonstrating expertise, and delivering value to our clients. At Dakota, we have been building trust with our clients since 2006 and have successfully raised over $30 billion on behalf of them. In this article we are reviewing six key strategies to enhance your performance in institutional investment sales. By the end of this article, you’ll have a better understanding of the strategies we have employed since our founding in order to find success. The six strategies: 1. Set Goals and Personal Benchmarks In the competitive landscape of institutional investment sales, the importance of setting clear, achievable goals cannot be overstated. These goals serve as the compass that guides your strategic efforts, whether you aim to expand your client base, increase AUM, or boost client satisfaction levels. However, the process of goal-setting extends beyond personal ambition; it involves a collaborative dialogue with your supervisor to align your objectives with the broader organizational goals. Meeting with your boss to set these expectations ensures that your targets are not only ambitious but also realistic and aligned with your team's and company's strategic direction. By breaking down these overarching goals into actionable steps, you create a roadmap for success that is both focused and adaptable. This methodical approach allows you to track your progress, adjust strategies as needed, and maintain the drive necessary to achieve your professional aspirations. Engaging in regular check-ins with your boss also provides opportunities for feedback and support, further enhancing your ability to meet and exceed these carefully crafted goals. 2. Understand Your Strengths and Weaknesses Understanding your strengths and weaknesses is a critical step in finding your niche within the institutional investment sales landscape. This introspective process enables you to pinpoint exactly where your competitive edge lies whether that’s identifying emerging market opportunities, or forging and nurturing client relationships. By playing to your strengths, you can capitalize on these areas, positioning yourself as an indispensable asset to your team and clients alike. At the same time, acknowledging and addressing your weaknesses is equally important. It's about striking a balance between leveraging your natural talents and actively working to improve areas where you're less confident. 3. Stay Focused on What Matters Most Setting realistic expectations for both yourself and your clients is a cornerstone of success in the volatile world of institutional investment sales. It also involves staying dedicated to these expectations. It's about crafting a vision that looks beyond the immediate ups and downs, anchoring your efforts in a strategy that promises stability and growth over time. Emphasizing long-term planning helps manage client expectations, ensuring they are prepared for the natural ebb and flow of the markets. This focused approach not only builds trust but also positions you as a strategic partner in your clients' financial success. 4. Become a Master Messenger In the high-stakes world of institutional investment sales, prioritizing clear communication is not just a best practice; it's a critical success factor. The ability to articulate complex investment strategies and market dynamics in a straightforward manner can significantly influence client trust and decision-making. The best sales professionals understand that every interaction is an opportunity to reinforce trust. By actively listening to clients, addressing their concerns with precision, and providing transparent, concise information, you are able to navigate the complexities of institutional investments with confidence. This approach not only enhances client relationships but also fosters a culture of trust and reliability that is essential for long-term success in the industry. 5. Grow your Network In institutional investment sales, a robust professional network is key to success. Beyond just expanding your contacts, it's about forging valuable connections. Attending industry events and joining professional associations exposes you to new insights and opportunities, while engaging with peers online broadens your reach globally. These activities not only keep you informed about the latest market trends but also open doors to potential collaborations and mentorships. This is one of the reasons why we created Dakota Cocktails, which are premier networking events for investment sales professionals. Our events are designed for you to grow your connections with local investment industry professionals. A well-cultivated network provides support, enhances your knowledge, and positions you as a trusted professional in your field, laying the groundwork for a thriving career in the competitive landscape of investment sales. 6. Visualize Your Success Visualizing success is a powerful technique in achieving long-term career aspirations within the competitive realm of institutional investment sales. By keeping a clear and vivid picture in your mind of where you want to be, whether it's managing larger client accounts, stepping into a leadership position, or achieving a specific sales milestone, you create a mental blueprint for your path forward. This visualization acts as a constant source of motivation, guiding your daily decisions and actions towards those goals. It encourages persistence and resilience, especially when faced with challenges or setbacks. By imagining the outcome you desire, you're more likely to engage in behaviors and strategies that align with achieving that success. This practice not only helps in setting realistic and achievable objectives but also in maintaining focus and drive, ensuring that every step you take is a step closer to realizing your professional dreams. Put these strategies to use! In conclusion, excelling in the competitive arena of institutional investment sales demands more than just industry knowledge and a knack for numbers. It requires a holistic approach that encompasses clear communication, strategic goal setting, continuous learning, and a robust professional network. By embracing these strategies, you can not only enhance your performance but also forge stronger relationships with clients, navigate market complexities with confidence, and ultimately, achieve your career aspirations. Remember, success in this field is a journey, not a destination. Stay committed, stay focused, and let your passion for excellence be your guiding light.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '6 Strategies to Improve Work Performance in Investment Sales', 'content': "In the fast-paced world of institutional investment sales, staying ahead of the curve is not just an option - it's a necessity. As professionals in this field, we understand that our performance directly impacts our ability to serve clients and manage investments effectively. By incorporating these strategies into your daily routine, you can enhance your performance and make significant strides in your career as an institutional investment sales professional. It’s important to remember that success in our field is not just about meeting targets - it's about building trust, demonstrating expertise, and delivering value to our clients. At Dakota, we have been building trust with our clients since 2006 and have successfully raised over $30 billion on behalf of them. In this article we are reviewing six key strategies to enhance your performance in institutional investment sales. By the end of this article, you’ll have a better understanding of the strategies we have employed since our founding in order to find success. The six strategies: 1. Set Goals and Personal Benchmarks In the competitive landscape of institutional investment sales, the importance of setting clear, achievable goals cannot be overstated. These goals serve as the compass that guides your strategic efforts, whether you aim to expand your client base, increase AUM, or boost client satisfaction levels. However, the process of goal-setting extends beyond personal ambition; it involves a collaborative dialogue with your supervisor to align your objectives with the broader organizational goals. Meeting with your boss to set these expectations ensures that your targets are not only ambitious but also realistic and aligned with your team's and company's strategic direction. By breaking down these overarching goals into actionable steps, you create a roadmap for success that is both focused and adaptable. This methodical approach allows you to track your progress, adjust strategies as needed, and maintain the drive necessary to achieve your professional aspirations. Engaging in regular check-ins with your boss also provides opportunities for feedback and support, further enhancing your ability to meet and exceed these carefully crafted goals. 2. Understand Your Strengths and Weaknesses Understanding your strengths and weaknesses is a critical step in finding your niche within the institutional investment sales landscape. This introspective process enables you to pinpoint exactly where your competitive edge lies whether that’s identifying emerging market opportunities, or forging and nurturing client relationships. By playing to your strengths, you can capitalize on these areas, positioning yourself as an indispensable asset to your team and clients alike. At the same time, acknowledging and addressing your weaknesses is equally important. It's about striking a balance between leveraging your natural talents and actively working to improve areas where you're less confident. 3. Stay Focused on What Matters Most Setting realistic expectations for both yourself and your clients is a cornerstone of success in the volatile world of institutional investment sales. It also involves staying dedicated to these expectations. It's about crafting a vision that looks beyond the immediate ups and downs, anchoring your efforts in a strategy that promises stability and growth over time. Emphasizing long-term planning helps manage client expectations, ensuring they are prepared for the natural ebb and flow of the markets. This focused approach not only builds trust but also positions you as a strategic partner in your clients' financial success. 4. Become a Master Messenger In the high-stakes world of institutional investment sales, prioritizing clear communication is not just a best practice; it's a critical success factor. The ability to articulate complex investment strategies and market dynamics in a straightforward manner can significantly influence client trust and decision-making. The best sales professionals understand that every interaction is an opportunity to reinforce trust. By actively listening to clients, addressing their concerns with precision, and providing transparent, concise information, you are able to navigate the complexities of institutional investments with confidence. This approach not only enhances client relationships but also fosters a culture of trust and reliability that is essential for long-term success in the industry. 5. Grow your Network In institutional investment sales, a robust professional network is key to success. Beyond just expanding your contacts, it's about forging valuable connections. Attending industry events and joining professional associations exposes you to new insights and opportunities, while engaging with peers online broadens your reach globally. These activities not only keep you informed about the latest market trends but also open doors to potential collaborations and mentorships. This is one of the reasons why we created Dakota Cocktails, which are premier networking events for investment sales professionals. Our events are designed for you to grow your connections with local investment industry professionals. A well-cultivated network provides support, enhances your knowledge, and positions you as a trusted professional in your field, laying the groundwork for a thriving career in the competitive landscape of investment sales. 6. Visualize Your Success Visualizing success is a powerful technique in achieving long-term career aspirations within the competitive realm of institutional investment sales. By keeping a clear and vivid picture in your mind of where you want to be, whether it's managing larger client accounts, stepping into a leadership position, or achieving a specific sales milestone, you create a mental blueprint for your path forward. This visualization acts as a constant source of motivation, guiding your daily decisions and actions towards those goals. It encourages persistence and resilience, especially when faced with challenges or setbacks. By imagining the outcome you desire, you're more likely to engage in behaviors and strategies that align with achieving that success. This practice not only helps in setting realistic and achievable objectives but also in maintaining focus and drive, ensuring that every step you take is a step closer to realizing your professional dreams. Put these strategies to use! In conclusion, excelling in the competitive arena of institutional investment sales demands more than just industry knowledge and a knack for numbers. It requires a holistic approach that encompasses clear communication, strategic goal setting, continuous learning, and a robust professional network. By embracing these strategies, you can not only enhance your performance but also forge stronger relationships with clients, navigate market complexities with confidence, and ultimately, achieve your career aspirations. Remember, success in this field is a journey, not a destination. Stay committed, stay focused, and let your passion for excellence be your guiding light.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_023_april-2025-public-plan-commitments-allocation-summ

{'title': 'April 2025 Public Plan Commitments | Allocation Summary', 'introduction': 'In April, Dakota tracked over $14B across 162 investments from 48 distinct pension funds or entities disclosing their commitments. In this article, we highlight the top allocators and allocations made in the month of April by these public institutions: The Top Allocators for the Month: Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois disclosed $2.4B in new commitments. Virginia Retirement System reported an additional $1.9B in commitments. Washington State Investment Board reported $1.5B in commitments. Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of nearly $8B was directed into 72 investments, making up approximately 36.2% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $6.2B was invested through 34 deals, constituting 28.1% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $2.6B allocated across 28 investments, representing 11.6% of commitments. Real Assets/Infrastructure: $2.4B was allocated across 23 investments, accounting for 10.8% of the month’s total. Venture Capital: $2.7B was invested across 23 investments, approximately 12.4% of investments. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 25.4% of overall commitments, with $5.58B allocated to 47 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $208M in commitments, equal to 0.9% of the total. Direct Lending strategies accounted for 12.3% of investments, attracting $2.7B to the asset class. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $1.88B in commitments, representing 8.6% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $1.47B, which was 6.7% of the investments tracked in April. Significant Allocations in April: Washington State Investment Board Evergreen Park Investment Fund (Private Equity): $1B Advent International GPE XI (Private Equity): $500M Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois - Brown Brothers Harriman Multi-Asset Credit (Private Credit): $400M Teacher Retirement System of Texas - GCM Real Estate Strategic Platform Investments (Real Estate): $350M Smaller Allocations: Colorado Fire and Police Pension Association Incus European Specialty Credit Fund IV (Private Credit): $5.5M Syntagma Capital Partners I (Private Equity): $5.5M Incus European Specialty Credit Fund IV (Private Credit): $5.5M Syntagma Capital Partners I (Private Equity): $5.5M Merced County Employees’ Retirement Association - Threshold Ventures V (Venture Capital): $5M Wayne County-Employees Retirement System - Taurus Private Markets Fund III (Private Equity): $5M To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'April 2025 Public Plan Commitments | Allocation Summary', 'content': 'In April, Dakota tracked over $14B across 162 investments from 48 distinct pension funds or entities disclosing their commitments. In this article, we highlight the top allocators and allocations made in the month of April by these public institutions: The Top Allocators for the Month: Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois disclosed $2.4B in new commitments. Virginia Retirement System reported an additional $1.9B in commitments. Washington State Investment Board reported $1.5B in commitments. Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of nearly $8B was directed into 72 investments, making up approximately 36.2% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $6.2B was invested through 34 deals, constituting 28.1% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $2.6B allocated across 28 investments, representing 11.6% of commitments. Real Assets/Infrastructure: $2.4B was allocated across 23 investments, accounting for 10.8% of the month’s total. Venture Capital: $2.7B was invested across 23 investments, approximately 12.4% of investments. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 25.4% of overall commitments, with $5.58B allocated to 47 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $208M in commitments, equal to 0.9% of the total. Direct Lending strategies accounted for 12.3% of investments, attracting $2.7B to the asset class. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $1.88B in commitments, representing 8.6% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $1.47B, which was 6.7% of the investments tracked in April. Significant Allocations in April: Washington State Investment Board Evergreen Park Investment Fund (Private Equity): $1B Advent International GPE XI (Private Equity): $500M Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois - Brown Brothers Harriman Multi-Asset Credit (Private Credit): $400M Teacher Retirement System of Texas - GCM Real Estate Strategic Platform Investments (Real Estate): $350M Smaller Allocations: Colorado Fire and Police Pension Association Incus European Specialty Credit Fund IV (Private Credit): $5.5M Syntagma Capital Partners I (Private Equity): $5.5M Incus European Specialty Credit Fund IV (Private Credit): $5.5M Syntagma Capital Partners I (Private Equity): $5.5M Merced County Employees’ Retirement Association - Threshold Ventures V (Venture Capital): $5M Wayne County-Employees Retirement System - Taurus Private Markets Fund III (Private Equity): $5M To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_367_what-is-tam-and-how-does-it-relate-to-sales

{'title': 'What is TAM and How Does It Relate to Sales?', 'introduction': "If you’re a salesperson, you already know exactly how important it is to always have a pool of leads to pull from and pitch to. It’s what makes your job possible. But having and calling on those leads is often a lot easier than the process of finding them. At Dakota, our sales team has spent countless hours trying to grow and maintain their pipeline. They do so using tools like Salesforce and LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and a lot of cold outreach. But we’ve been at this since 2006, and have raised $35B in that time. And what's more, we’ve refined our sales process a lot in fifteen years. You’re not alone when it comes to struggling to find new leads. Which is why in this post, we’ll be sharing how we grow our Total Addressable Market (TAM), exactly what that means, and how it relates to sales. By the time you’ve finished this article, you’ll have a better understanding of exactly why knowing not just who to call on but when and why to call them, can make all the difference to your business. What is TAM? As we mentioned above, TAM stands for “total addressable market,” which is the pool of leads and people who buy what you sell. One of the most important things for any salesperson to learn is that finding those people who buy what you sell is the key to success. Your goal should be to increase that number one at a time every day. We know this makes it sound like a never ending mission, and while it may seem that way, it doesn’t mean you won’t be closing business in the meantime. In fact, if you’re in the investment business, you’re basically trying to align on one thing — finding that product market fit and actively pursuing it. There are two things going on in every investment strategy: The type of investment strategy The product structure Based on those criteria, you can reach out to the people who invest in your specific strategy, or the people that invest within the product structure. Once you determine that, you can determine your target market by channel. How to grow your TAM Think of your TAM in terms of channels. Make sure you have as complete a dataset as you can possibly have, and work on growing and managing that data every single day. This keeps your data fresh and ensures that you always have someone new to reach out to. At Dakota, what we’ve found successful is focusing on one channel at a time. For example, if you start with 200 RIAs, and consistently look for, and grow the number of RIAs who use outside managers. Qualifying the buyer, keeping the data fresh, assessing the buyers in totality. Additionally, we recommend always seeking out the new. Find new pools of capital that buy what you sell. Avoid wasting too much time calling on pools of capital that either don’t invest in your strategy, or invest in your strategy in a small amount. For example, if you’re looking at 12 RIAS, you might only find that only 2% of them are actively investing in your strategy, which means it is most likely a waste of your team’s time. Mistakes salespeople make when it comes to their TAM The number one mistake we see people making is trying to be all things to all people. We’ve talked in a previous article about the one golden rule of sales, which is to only sell to people who buy what you sell. This remains true here, and we would encourage you to really hone in on finding your niche in your industry. Find that product-market fit and size up your strategy and product structure within the channels that invest in those types of strategies, rather than spending time trying to sell to people who aren’t a fit for your firm. How to get started growing your own TAM At Dakota, we always recommend starting with what you have. Do a data deep dive and see where you can grow your leads. Could you add more RIAs? More Hedge Funds, or ETFs? Once you start putting in the time with what you have, and growing it incrementally every day, you will find success. It comes down to being patient, diligent, and hyper-focused on your specific niche.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'What is TAM and How Does It Relate to Sales?', 'content': "If you’re a salesperson, you already know exactly how important it is to always have a pool of leads to pull from and pitch to. It’s what makes your job possible. But having and calling on those leads is often a lot easier than the process of finding them. At Dakota, our sales team has spent countless hours trying to grow and maintain their pipeline. They do so using tools like Salesforce and LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and a lot of cold outreach. But we’ve been at this since 2006, and have raised $35B in that time. And what's more, we’ve refined our sales process a lot in fifteen years. You’re not alone when it comes to struggling to find new leads. Which is why in this post, we’ll be sharing how we grow our Total Addressable Market (TAM), exactly what that means, and how it relates to sales. By the time you’ve finished this article, you’ll have a better understanding of exactly why knowing not just who to call on but when and why to call them, can make all the difference to your business. What is TAM? As we mentioned above, TAM stands for “total addressable market,” which is the pool of leads and people who buy what you sell. One of the most important things for any salesperson to learn is that finding those people who buy what you sell is the key to success. Your goal should be to increase that number one at a time every day. We know this makes it sound like a never ending mission, and while it may seem that way, it doesn’t mean you won’t be closing business in the meantime. In fact, if you’re in the investment business, you’re basically trying to align on one thing — finding that product market fit and actively pursuing it. There are two things going on in every investment strategy: The type of investment strategy The product structure Based on those criteria, you can reach out to the people who invest in your specific strategy, or the people that invest within the product structure. Once you determine that, you can determine your target market by channel. How to grow your TAM Think of your TAM in terms of channels. Make sure you have as complete a dataset as you can possibly have, and work on growing and managing that data every single day. This keeps your data fresh and ensures that you always have someone new to reach out to. At Dakota, what we’ve found successful is focusing on one channel at a time. For example, if you start with 200 RIAs, and consistently look for, and grow the number of RIAs who use outside managers. Qualifying the buyer, keeping the data fresh, assessing the buyers in totality. Additionally, we recommend always seeking out the new. Find new pools of capital that buy what you sell. Avoid wasting too much time calling on pools of capital that either don’t invest in your strategy, or invest in your strategy in a small amount. For example, if you’re looking at 12 RIAS, you might only find that only 2% of them are actively investing in your strategy, which means it is most likely a waste of your team’s time. Mistakes salespeople make when it comes to their TAM The number one mistake we see people making is trying to be all things to all people. We’ve talked in a previous article about the one golden rule of sales, which is to only sell to people who buy what you sell. This remains true here, and we would encourage you to really hone in on finding your niche in your industry. Find that product-market fit and size up your strategy and product structure within the channels that invest in those types of strategies, rather than spending time trying to sell to people who aren’t a fit for your firm. How to get started growing your own TAM At Dakota, we always recommend starting with what you have. Do a data deep dive and see where you can grow your leads. Could you add more RIAs? More Hedge Funds, or ETFs? Once you start putting in the time with what you have, and growing it incrementally every day, you will find success. It comes down to being patient, diligent, and hyper-focused on your specific niche.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_250_how-to-change-data-providers-5-things-you-can-do-f

{'title': 'How to Change Data Providers: 5 Things You Can Do for Success', 'introduction': "If you’ve ever gone through the process of bringing a new software or data platform onboard at your firm, you already know what a time-consuming process it can be. This is especially true if you already have something in place that works well enough. You might start to wonder, why rock the boat when your current solution is working just fine? Well, because 99% of the time, there is something better than “just fine” out there that could be making your life easier. It may seem like a classic case of “if it isn’t broken, don’t fix it,” but chances are, complacency has set in and there is a better alternative out there. If you’ve already found that new and improved data platform and you’re wondering where to start with approaching your teammates and decision makers, don’t worry, you’re not alone. As a data provider ourselves, we know just how hard it can be to get a new system across the finish line and implemented. But we’ve heard time and again from our users that switching to Dakota Marketplace was like a breath of fresh air when it comes to data cleanliness, ease of use, and more. In this article, we’re outlining five things you can start doing now, so that when it comes time to make the switch you want, you’re prepped and ready to go, with all your ducks in a row. The five things we’ll be covering in this article include: Being mindful of auto-renewals Asking to talk to references Requesting and using free trials Getting internal support Understanding your CRM capabilities 1. Be mindful of auto-renewals It may feel obvious to point this out, but there’s nothing worse than getting trapped into an auto-renewal you lost track of, then getting stuck with a platform you don’t really want or use for another year. Sure, it’s embarrassing and a little sad that people are held to auto-renewals, but the fact is that it happens every day, and there’s little you can do once that date has passed. What you can do, though? Be mindful of what the date is, set a calendar reminder for a month/week before, and really take the time to evaluate if this system is what you want and need. As yourself if your solution is: Updated regularly? Easy to use? Making your day easier? Helping you book more meetings and grow your business? If the answer to any of these questions is no, mark that date on your calendar and start making plans for an alternate solution well in advance of your renewal date. 2. Ask to talk to references Change is not just scary, it’s risky. If you’re the one pushing for a new system and people don’t like it, or it doesn’t work, you’ll feel responsible. That means it’s important to make sure it’s really the right fit for you, your team, and your firm. Our recommendation? Ask to talk to the current users of the platform. At Dakota, we’re happy to connect prospective members with current members so you can hear directly from your peers why it’s working for them. If any system is as good as they’re probably claiming to be online, they’ll be happy to do the same. How do you go about this? Ask the provider you’re considering to provide you with 1-2 references of similar style firms so you can best understand how they’ve leveraged it, their experiences with it, etc. It's one thing to hear a pitch from a provider, but it’s completely different to hear a real example from a peer. 3. Request and make the most of free trials This is an important one, and while we know everyone has a packed schedule, requesting and then really getting to use a free trial of your new platform can make a world of difference. In our experience, if you dedicate up to three hours and use the platform as if you’re going to a city and prospecting, you’ll know for sure whether or not it’s for you. Don’t judge a platform on a cursory walk through based on one account. Instead, base your analysis on 10-20 accounts. Let’s face it: no database provider is going to be 100% perfect with the amount of turnover in this industry, but look at the information on a solid handful of firms across the country and evaluate from there. 4. Get your internal support system on board If you’re the one pushing for a new system, you likely already know what makes it great and different from what you have now. Now it’s time to get the rest of your team on board. This means understanding: What the solution provides across different datasets What you’re currently subscribed to Where you need gaps filled. Make sure that the key stakeholders within the different groups across the company know this information, and that insights gained throughout any free trials are understood and shared across the board. In this case it really is the more the merrier, because the more people who know about the new solution, the less convincing you’ll have to do down the line. 5. Fully understand your CRM needs and integration capabilities In order for your team to get the most out of a data solution it’s imperative to have it centralized in your CRM. However, we know from experience that every provider is not created equally in this area. Some providers do a great job integrating with CRMS like Salesforce, Hubspot, Dynamo, etc., but not all of them, and what’s more, they all look different, and vary in terms of ease of use. When you’re asking questions to your potential new provider, make sure you ask early on what their integration process looks like and how it works to avoid surprises down the line. Let your data provider work for you At the end of the day, the goal of a data solution is to make your life easier, so you’re not hunting down contact information, firm names, etc. all over the internet, only to send an email to someone who moved jobs six months ago. We’ve been there. It’s incredibly frustrating. Again, ask yourself these questions about your data platform. Is it: Updated regularly? Easy to use? Making your day easier? Helping you book more meetings and grow your business? If the answer is no, it might be time to make a switch.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'How to Change Data Providers: 5 Things You Can Do for Success', 'content': "If you’ve ever gone through the process of bringing a new software or data platform onboard at your firm, you already know what a time-consuming process it can be. This is especially true if you already have something in place that works well enough. You might start to wonder, why rock the boat when your current solution is working just fine? Well, because 99% of the time, there is something better than “just fine” out there that could be making your life easier. It may seem like a classic case of “if it isn’t broken, don’t fix it,” but chances are, complacency has set in and there is a better alternative out there. If you’ve already found that new and improved data platform and you’re wondering where to start with approaching your teammates and decision makers, don’t worry, you’re not alone. As a data provider ourselves, we know just how hard it can be to get a new system across the finish line and implemented. But we’ve heard time and again from our users that switching to Dakota Marketplace was like a breath of fresh air when it comes to data cleanliness, ease of use, and more. In this article, we’re outlining five things you can start doing now, so that when it comes time to make the switch you want, you’re prepped and ready to go, with all your ducks in a row. The five things we’ll be covering in this article include: Being mindful of auto-renewals Asking to talk to references Requesting and using free trials Getting internal support Understanding your CRM capabilities 1. Be mindful of auto-renewals It may feel obvious to point this out, but there’s nothing worse than getting trapped into an auto-renewal you lost track of, then getting stuck with a platform you don’t really want or use for another year. Sure, it’s embarrassing and a little sad that people are held to auto-renewals, but the fact is that it happens every day, and there’s little you can do once that date has passed. What you can do, though? Be mindful of what the date is, set a calendar reminder for a month/week before, and really take the time to evaluate if this system is what you want and need. As yourself if your solution is: Updated regularly? Easy to use? Making your day easier? Helping you book more meetings and grow your business? If the answer to any of these questions is no, mark that date on your calendar and start making plans for an alternate solution well in advance of your renewal date. 2. Ask to talk to references Change is not just scary, it’s risky. If you’re the one pushing for a new system and people don’t like it, or it doesn’t work, you’ll feel responsible. That means it’s important to make sure it’s really the right fit for you, your team, and your firm. Our recommendation? Ask to talk to the current users of the platform. At Dakota, we’re happy to connect prospective members with current members so you can hear directly from your peers why it’s working for them. If any system is as good as they’re probably claiming to be online, they’ll be happy to do the same. How do you go about this? Ask the provider you’re considering to provide you with 1-2 references of similar style firms so you can best understand how they’ve leveraged it, their experiences with it, etc. It's one thing to hear a pitch from a provider, but it’s completely different to hear a real example from a peer. 3. Request and make the most of free trials This is an important one, and while we know everyone has a packed schedule, requesting and then really getting to use a free trial of your new platform can make a world of difference. In our experience, if you dedicate up to three hours and use the platform as if you’re going to a city and prospecting, you’ll know for sure whether or not it’s for you. Don’t judge a platform on a cursory walk through based on one account. Instead, base your analysis on 10-20 accounts. Let’s face it: no database provider is going to be 100% perfect with the amount of turnover in this industry, but look at the information on a solid handful of firms across the country and evaluate from there. 4. Get your internal support system on board If you’re the one pushing for a new system, you likely already know what makes it great and different from what you have now. Now it’s time to get the rest of your team on board. This means understanding: What the solution provides across different datasets What you’re currently subscribed to Where you need gaps filled. Make sure that the key stakeholders within the different groups across the company know this information, and that insights gained throughout any free trials are understood and shared across the board. In this case it really is the more the merrier, because the more people who know about the new solution, the less convincing you’ll have to do down the line. 5. Fully understand your CRM needs and integration capabilities In order for your team to get the most out of a data solution it’s imperative to have it centralized in your CRM. However, we know from experience that every provider is not created equally in this area. Some providers do a great job integrating with CRMS like Salesforce, Hubspot, Dynamo, etc., but not all of them, and what’s more, they all look different, and vary in terms of ease of use. When you’re asking questions to your potential new provider, make sure you ask early on what their integration process looks like and how it works to avoid surprises down the line. Let your data provider work for you At the end of the day, the goal of a data solution is to make your life easier, so you’re not hunting down contact information, firm names, etc. all over the internet, only to send an email to someone who moved jobs six months ago. We’ve been there. It’s incredibly frustrating. Again, ask yourself these questions about your data platform. Is it: Updated regularly? Easy to use? Making your day easier? Helping you book more meetings and grow your business? If the answer is no, it might be time to make a switch.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_141_april-2024-public-plan-commitment-summary

{'title': 'April 2024 Public Plan Commitment Summary', 'introduction': "Staying up to date and understanding public pension fund insights is critical for gaining investment industry knowledge and understanding fundraising trends. The insights in this article reveal current investment strategies and market impacts, providing a comprehensive view of large fund allocations and their influence on asset prices. They enable organizations to benchmark their performance against top public pension funds, facilitating better decision-making. In the month of April, Dakota tracked a total of approximately $8.77 billion across 95 investments. 39 individual pension funds or entities reported commitments during the month. In this article we are going over the top allocators, allocations, and terminations made in the month of April. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the Public Pension commitments made in the month of April. The top allocators during the month were: Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund disclosed $1.5 billion in commitments Teachers Retirement System of Louisiana allocates $770 million New Mexico State Investment Council disclosed investments totaling $700 million Asset Classes: $3.2 billion moved to Private Equity across 33 investments which accounts for approximately 37% of commitments. Private Real Estate saw $2.5 billion in commitments, 29% of total commitments across 24 investments. Real Assets took in 17% of commitments with $1.4 billion flowing into the asset class between 11 investments. In Private Credit we tracked $780 million across 12 investments, 9% of commitments. 4 investments totaling over $450 million were allocated to Hedge Funds. Regarding Venture Capital, 11 investments were tracked totaling $370 million. Sub-Asset Classes: Stemming from the private equity asset class, Buyouts made up about 19% of commitments, this includes $1.6 billion across 17 middle market and large buyout funds. Within Real Assets, over $1.1 billion was placed across 8 Infrastructure investments making up 13% of commitments. In private credit, Direct Lending accounted for $600 million across 9 investments, 7% of the total for April. Also of note, $952 million was allocated to 10 Opportunistic Real Estate funds. Looking at the largest allocations in April: Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Pathway Private Equity Fund III-Co - $500M Louisiana TRS - TA Realty Core Property Fund - $400M New York State Common Retirement Fund - NYCRS Artemis Mach III - $400M UniSuper - Macquarie Green Energy and Climate Opportunities Fund (MGECO) - $400M Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Stonepeak Infrastructure Fund V - $350M Terminations reported in April: City of Austin Police Retirement System terminated Kennedy Capital SCV ($63M) City of Fresno Retirement Systems terminated JP Morgan Strategic Property Fund ($130M) Miami Beach Fire & Police Pension Fund terminated Allspring Global Investments Colorado Fire & Police Pension Association terminated Alphadyne ($14M) Contra Costa County ERA Terminated the Acadian Multi-Asset Absolute Return Strategy NY State Teachers’ Retirement terminated Brookfield Public Securities Group Ann Arbor Employee Retirement terminated the Sculptor Credit Opportunities Fund ($4.7M) To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace here.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'April 2024 Public Plan Commitment Summary', 'content': "Staying up to date and understanding public pension fund insights is critical for gaining investment industry knowledge and understanding fundraising trends. The insights in this article reveal current investment strategies and market impacts, providing a comprehensive view of large fund allocations and their influence on asset prices. They enable organizations to benchmark their performance against top public pension funds, facilitating better decision-making. In the month of April, Dakota tracked a total of approximately $8.77 billion across 95 investments. 39 individual pension funds or entities reported commitments during the month. In this article we are going over the top allocators, allocations, and terminations made in the month of April. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the Public Pension commitments made in the month of April. The top allocators during the month were: Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund disclosed $1.5 billion in commitments Teachers Retirement System of Louisiana allocates $770 million New Mexico State Investment Council disclosed investments totaling $700 million Asset Classes: $3.2 billion moved to Private Equity across 33 investments which accounts for approximately 37% of commitments. Private Real Estate saw $2.5 billion in commitments, 29% of total commitments across 24 investments. Real Assets took in 17% of commitments with $1.4 billion flowing into the asset class between 11 investments. In Private Credit we tracked $780 million across 12 investments, 9% of commitments. 4 investments totaling over $450 million were allocated to Hedge Funds. Regarding Venture Capital, 11 investments were tracked totaling $370 million. Sub-Asset Classes: Stemming from the private equity asset class, Buyouts made up about 19% of commitments, this includes $1.6 billion across 17 middle market and large buyout funds. Within Real Assets, over $1.1 billion was placed across 8 Infrastructure investments making up 13% of commitments. In private credit, Direct Lending accounted for $600 million across 9 investments, 7% of the total for April. Also of note, $952 million was allocated to 10 Opportunistic Real Estate funds. Looking at the largest allocations in April: Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Pathway Private Equity Fund III-Co - $500M Louisiana TRS - TA Realty Core Property Fund - $400M New York State Common Retirement Fund - NYCRS Artemis Mach III - $400M UniSuper - Macquarie Green Energy and Climate Opportunities Fund (MGECO) - $400M Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Stonepeak Infrastructure Fund V - $350M Terminations reported in April: City of Austin Police Retirement System terminated Kennedy Capital SCV ($63M) City of Fresno Retirement Systems terminated JP Morgan Strategic Property Fund ($130M) Miami Beach Fire & Police Pension Fund terminated Allspring Global Investments Colorado Fire & Police Pension Association terminated Alphadyne ($14M) Contra Costa County ERA Terminated the Acadian Multi-Asset Absolute Return Strategy NY State Teachers’ Retirement terminated Brookfield Public Securities Group Ann Arbor Employee Retirement terminated the Sculptor Credit Opportunities Fund ($4.7M) To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace here.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_154_new-fund-launches-for-the-first-half-of-april

{'title': 'New Fund Launches For the First Half of April', 'introduction': 'In the fast-paced world of asset management, staying abreast of industry trends and competitor activities is crucial. Recognizing this need, we’ve distilled the latest information from Form D filings into a concise list of new fund launches. Please note: Form D filings are a probable indication of a new fund launch, but not definitive. For thorough understanding, further research is recommended. Our focused approach ensures that you gain valuable insights for competitive analysis and trend spotting, without the clutter of irrelevant and stale data. This list serves as a tool for keeping your finger on the pulse of the market, helping you make informed decisions and strategize effectively. Learn more information about any of these strategies in Dakota Marketplace! PRIVATE EQUITY Coller Capital Launches Coller Secondaries Private Equity Opportunities Fund Coller Capital has recently launched Coller Secondaries Private Equity Opportunities Fund (C-SPEF). C-SPEF, now open for investment, is a tender offer fund designed for accredited high-net-worth investors. According to a press release, “C-SPEF seeks to deliver a powerful combination of attractive absolute and risk-adjusted returns, diversification, and the opportunity for more liquidity than traditional private equity funds. Available to both U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, the fund offers monthly subscriptions and quarterly redemptions, a lower minimum than traditional private market investments, and 1099 tax reporting. C-SPEF does not charge a performance fee and as a benefit to first movers, has waived its management fee for the first year.” Coller Capital is a specialist investor in the secondary private capital market providing private equity and credit secondaries funds to investors worldwide. Libremax Launches Tigermax Partners LP Tigermax Partners LP, a buyout fund managed by Libremax launched their newest vintage early in March. Libremax is a 10b asset management company specializing in structured credit, hedge funds, CLOs and liquid long only strategies. Greg Lippman, their CIO founded the firm over 18 years ago after an impressive career managing the ABS and CDO desk at Deutche bank. Inceptiv Management Launches Inceptiv Red 2 LP INCEPTIV Management has launched Inceptiv Red 2 LP, according to the Form D that was filed on March 20, 2024. INCEPTIV, based in Los Angeles and led by Hezy Shalev, provides flexible, specialty capital to fund managers and independent sponsors in private equity and real estate; and investors with atypical exposure to GP economics. Arbor Investments Launches Fund VI Arbor Investments has launched Arbor Investments VI, filed on April 8, 2024 according to Form D filings. Fund V closed in 2020 after raising $1.5 billion of outside capital commitments. Arbor focuses on acquiring middle-market food & beverage companies including manufacturers, marketers, and distributors. Previous deals include Artisanal Brewing Ventures, Carnivore Meat Company, and Oregon Freeze Dry to name a few. VENTURE CAPITAL Top Tier Capital Partners Launches Top Tier Capital XI, L.P. Top Tier Capital Partners has launched Top Tier Capital XI, L.P, according to the Form D that was filed on April 3, 2024. Based in San Francisco with offices in Boston and London, Top Tier Capital is an investment manager with families of funds focused on primary commitments to venture funds, LP and direct secondaries, and direct investments. It was announced earlier this year that the VC and private equity firm raised over $1 billion in new capital to invest with global venture funds and tech companies. The new capital includes Fund X, single investor funds, and separate accounts. HighVista Launched HighVista Venture Capital XIV HighVista Strategies has launched HighVista Venture Capital XIV, filed on April 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. HighVista is based in Boston, Massachusetts and manages $10 billion. The HighVista Venture strategy focuses on early-stage businesses with a focus on information technology, life sciences, and blockchain.Peter Moordian and Kirsten Morin lead the Venture team at HighVista.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'New Fund Launches For the First Half of April', 'content': 'In the fast-paced world of asset management, staying abreast of industry trends and competitor activities is crucial. Recognizing this need, we’ve distilled the latest information from Form D filings into a concise list of new fund launches. Please note: Form D filings are a probable indication of a new fund launch, but not definitive. For thorough understanding, further research is recommended. Our focused approach ensures that you gain valuable insights for competitive analysis and trend spotting, without the clutter of irrelevant and stale data. This list serves as a tool for keeping your finger on the pulse of the market, helping you make informed decisions and strategize effectively. Learn more information about any of these strategies in Dakota Marketplace! PRIVATE EQUITY Coller Capital Launches Coller Secondaries Private Equity Opportunities Fund Coller Capital has recently launched Coller Secondaries Private Equity Opportunities Fund (C-SPEF). C-SPEF, now open for investment, is a tender offer fund designed for accredited high-net-worth investors. According to a press release, “C-SPEF seeks to deliver a powerful combination of attractive absolute and risk-adjusted returns, diversification, and the opportunity for more liquidity than traditional private equity funds. Available to both U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, the fund offers monthly subscriptions and quarterly redemptions, a lower minimum than traditional private market investments, and 1099 tax reporting. C-SPEF does not charge a performance fee and as a benefit to first movers, has waived its management fee for the first year.” Coller Capital is a specialist investor in the secondary private capital market providing private equity and credit secondaries funds to investors worldwide. Libremax Launches Tigermax Partners LP Tigermax Partners LP, a buyout fund managed by Libremax launched their newest vintage early in March. Libremax is a 10b asset management company specializing in structured credit, hedge funds, CLOs and liquid long only strategies. Greg Lippman, their CIO founded the firm over 18 years ago after an impressive career managing the ABS and CDO desk at Deutche bank. Inceptiv Management Launches Inceptiv Red 2 LP INCEPTIV Management has launched Inceptiv Red 2 LP, according to the Form D that was filed on March 20, 2024. INCEPTIV, based in Los Angeles and led by Hezy Shalev, provides flexible, specialty capital to fund managers and independent sponsors in private equity and real estate; and investors with atypical exposure to GP economics. Arbor Investments Launches Fund VI Arbor Investments has launched Arbor Investments VI, filed on April 8, 2024 according to Form D filings. Fund V closed in 2020 after raising $1.5 billion of outside capital commitments. Arbor focuses on acquiring middle-market food & beverage companies including manufacturers, marketers, and distributors. Previous deals include Artisanal Brewing Ventures, Carnivore Meat Company, and Oregon Freeze Dry to name a few. VENTURE CAPITAL Top Tier Capital Partners Launches Top Tier Capital XI, L.P. Top Tier Capital Partners has launched Top Tier Capital XI, L.P, according to the Form D that was filed on April 3, 2024. Based in San Francisco with offices in Boston and London, Top Tier Capital is an investment manager with families of funds focused on primary commitments to venture funds, LP and direct secondaries, and direct investments. It was announced earlier this year that the VC and private equity firm raised over $1 billion in new capital to invest with global venture funds and tech companies. The new capital includes Fund X, single investor funds, and separate accounts. HighVista Launched HighVista Venture Capital XIV HighVista Strategies has launched HighVista Venture Capital XIV, filed on April 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. HighVista is based in Boston, Massachusetts and manages $10 billion. The HighVista Venture strategy focuses on early-stage businesses with a focus on information technology, life sciences, and blockchain.Peter Moordian and Kirsten Morin lead the Venture team at HighVista.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_120_first-half-of-2024-investment-consultant-searches

{'title': 'First Half of 2024 Investment Consultant Searches & Hires', 'introduction': "In the first half of 2024, public plans have been actively seeking the expertise of investment consultants to navigate the ever-evolving financial landscape. Investment consultants play a crucial role in managing and optimizing the investment strategies of public pension funds, endowments, and foundations, ensuring these entities meet their long-term financial goals. This period saw a flurry of consultant searches and hires across various asset classes and investment needs. From general consultants to specialized roles in alternative investments, hedge funds, private credit, private markets, private equity, real assets, private infrastructure, and real estate, public plans have been diligent in selecting partners that can provide tailored advice and innovative solutions. Notably, the merger of Mariner Wealth Advisors and AndCo Consulting marked a significant event in the industry. This merger is expected to create a powerhouse in the investment consulting space, combining Mariner's extensive wealth management capabilities with AndCo's strong presence in public plan consulting. In this article we're giving you a detailed look at the consultant searches and hires in the first half of 2024. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the ongoing efforts of public plans to secure top-tier investment advisory services. 1H 2024 Investment Consultant Hires City of Grand Rapids General Retirement System AUM – $460,000,000 Metro Area: Grand Rapids Consultant Update: Hired Mariner to replace Wilshire New York State Teachers’ Retirement System AUM – $130,000,000,000 Metro Area – Albany Consultant Update: Renewed Callan as general investment consultant City of San Jose Police and Fire Department Retirement AUM – $5,000,000,000 Metro Area – San Francisco Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa and Verus as general investment consultant Louisiana State Police Retirement System AUM – $1,000,000,000 Metro Area – Baton Rouge Consultant Update: Hired Meketa as General Investment Consultant Fresno County Employees’ Retirement Association AUM – $6,300,000,000 Metro Area – San Francisco Consultant Update: Hired NEPC as General Investment Consultant Ohio Public Employees’ Retirement System AUM – $123,000,000,000 Metro Area – Columbus Consultant Update: Hired Meketa as General Investment Consultant California State Teachers’ Retirement System AUM – $331,400,000,000 Metro Area – Sacramento Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant Employees Retirement System of Milwaukee County AUM – $1,700,000,000 Metro Area – Milwaukee Consultant Update: Renewed Marquette as General Investment Consultant San Joaquin County Employees Retirement Association AUM – $4,000,000,000 Metro Area – Sacramento Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant Massachusetts Water Resources Authority Retirement System AUM – $677,000,000 Metro Area – Boston Consultant Update: Renewed NEPC as General Investment Consultant Los Angeles Fire & Police Pension System AUM – $30,000,000,000 Metro Area – Los Angeles Consultant Update: Renewed RVK as General Investment Consultant Gainesville Police & Fire Pension Plan AUM – $275,000,000 Metro Area – Jacksonville Consultant Update: Hired AndCo as General Investment Consultant City of Dearborn – Police & Fire Revised Retirement System AUM – $300,000,000 Metro Area – Detroit Consultant Update: Renewed Graystone as General Investment Consultant City of Baltimore Employees Retirement System AUM – $1,900,000,000 Metro Area – Baltimore Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant 1H 2024 Consultant Searches Public plans that have issued searches for consultants: Alternative Investment Consultant City of Hartford Municipal Employees Retirement Fund General Consultant Marin County Employees Retirement Association Taunton Contributory Retirement System Charlotte Firefighters' Retirement System City of Austin Employees' Retirement System Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District Retirement Fund Seattle City Employees Retirement System City of Hartford Municipal Employees Retirement Fund Alaska Retirement Management Board City of Philadelphia Board of Pensions and Retirement Broward College Foundation Weld County Retirement Plan Employees' Retirement System of Texas New York City Board of Education Retirement System Norristown Police Pension Plan Norristown Firefighters Pension Plan Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund Hedge Fund Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Private Credit Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Private Markets Consultant City of Austin Employees' Retirement System City of Philadelphia Board of Pensions and Retirement Private Equity Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Real Assets Consultant Alaska Retirement Management Board Private Infrastructure Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Real Estate Consultant Maryland State Retirement & Pension System Employees' Retirement System of Texas Washington State Investment Board Stay on top of these consultant hires and active searches with a free trial of Dakota Marketplace today!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'First Half of 2024 Investment Consultant Searches & Hires', 'content': "In the first half of 2024, public plans have been actively seeking the expertise of investment consultants to navigate the ever-evolving financial landscape. Investment consultants play a crucial role in managing and optimizing the investment strategies of public pension funds, endowments, and foundations, ensuring these entities meet their long-term financial goals. This period saw a flurry of consultant searches and hires across various asset classes and investment needs. From general consultants to specialized roles in alternative investments, hedge funds, private credit, private markets, private equity, real assets, private infrastructure, and real estate, public plans have been diligent in selecting partners that can provide tailored advice and innovative solutions. Notably, the merger of Mariner Wealth Advisors and AndCo Consulting marked a significant event in the industry. This merger is expected to create a powerhouse in the investment consulting space, combining Mariner's extensive wealth management capabilities with AndCo's strong presence in public plan consulting. In this article we're giving you a detailed look at the consultant searches and hires in the first half of 2024. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the ongoing efforts of public plans to secure top-tier investment advisory services. 1H 2024 Investment Consultant Hires City of Grand Rapids General Retirement System AUM – $460,000,000 Metro Area: Grand Rapids Consultant Update: Hired Mariner to replace Wilshire New York State Teachers’ Retirement System AUM – $130,000,000,000 Metro Area – Albany Consultant Update: Renewed Callan as general investment consultant City of San Jose Police and Fire Department Retirement AUM – $5,000,000,000 Metro Area – San Francisco Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa and Verus as general investment consultant Louisiana State Police Retirement System AUM – $1,000,000,000 Metro Area – Baton Rouge Consultant Update: Hired Meketa as General Investment Consultant Fresno County Employees’ Retirement Association AUM – $6,300,000,000 Metro Area – San Francisco Consultant Update: Hired NEPC as General Investment Consultant Ohio Public Employees’ Retirement System AUM – $123,000,000,000 Metro Area – Columbus Consultant Update: Hired Meketa as General Investment Consultant California State Teachers’ Retirement System AUM – $331,400,000,000 Metro Area – Sacramento Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant Employees Retirement System of Milwaukee County AUM – $1,700,000,000 Metro Area – Milwaukee Consultant Update: Renewed Marquette as General Investment Consultant San Joaquin County Employees Retirement Association AUM – $4,000,000,000 Metro Area – Sacramento Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant Massachusetts Water Resources Authority Retirement System AUM – $677,000,000 Metro Area – Boston Consultant Update: Renewed NEPC as General Investment Consultant Los Angeles Fire & Police Pension System AUM – $30,000,000,000 Metro Area – Los Angeles Consultant Update: Renewed RVK as General Investment Consultant Gainesville Police & Fire Pension Plan AUM – $275,000,000 Metro Area – Jacksonville Consultant Update: Hired AndCo as General Investment Consultant City of Dearborn – Police & Fire Revised Retirement System AUM – $300,000,000 Metro Area – Detroit Consultant Update: Renewed Graystone as General Investment Consultant City of Baltimore Employees Retirement System AUM – $1,900,000,000 Metro Area – Baltimore Consultant Update: Renewed Meketa as General Investment Consultant 1H 2024 Consultant Searches Public plans that have issued searches for consultants: Alternative Investment Consultant City of Hartford Municipal Employees Retirement Fund General Consultant Marin County Employees Retirement Association Taunton Contributory Retirement System Charlotte Firefighters' Retirement System City of Austin Employees' Retirement System Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District Retirement Fund Seattle City Employees Retirement System City of Hartford Municipal Employees Retirement Fund Alaska Retirement Management Board City of Philadelphia Board of Pensions and Retirement Broward College Foundation Weld County Retirement Plan Employees' Retirement System of Texas New York City Board of Education Retirement System Norristown Police Pension Plan Norristown Firefighters Pension Plan Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund Hedge Fund Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Private Credit Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Private Markets Consultant City of Austin Employees' Retirement System City of Philadelphia Board of Pensions and Retirement Private Equity Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Real Assets Consultant Alaska Retirement Management Board Private Infrastructure Consultant Employees' Retirement System of Texas Real Estate Consultant Maryland State Retirement & Pension System Employees' Retirement System of Texas Washington State Investment Board Stay on top of these consultant hires and active searches with a free trial of Dakota Marketplace today!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_188_the-top-10-family-offices-in-the-united-kingdom

{'title': 'The Top 10 Family Offices in the United Kingdom', 'introduction': "Family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These specialized advisory firms go beyond traditional financial services. With their particular approach to managing vast assets, family offices stand as vital pillars in the financial landscape, ensuring that wealth transcends generations while supporting the broader ambitions and personal aspirations of the world's most affluent families. The challenge for investment firms lies in identifying which family offices are open to exploring external investment opportunities, a task compounded by the private nature of these offices. This is where our Dakota Marketplace database comes into play. Our database aims to demystify the realm of family offices, as we have a vast range of international family offices and US family offices. Our initiative is to not only streamline the search process for investment firms, but also promises a more efficient and targeted approach to building relationships. In this article we are giving you a list of the top 10 family offices in the United Kingdom. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Grosvenor Estate AUM: $67,300,000,000 Metro: Liverpool 2. Alta Advisers Limited AUM: $20,000,000,000 Metro: London 3. Wren Investment Office Ltd AUM: $14,700,000,000 Metro: London 4. PECA - Family Office AUM: $8,000,000,000 Metro: London 5. Talisman Global Asset Management Ltd AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: London 6. Man Capital Llp AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: London 7. Rix Capital AUM: $4,000,000,000 Metro: London 8. Windmill Asset Management AUM: $3,400,000,000 Metro: Oxford 9. Caledonia Investments PLC AUM: $3,300,000,000 Metro: London 10. Square Capital LLP AUM: $1,650,000,000 Metro: London To explore more non-US and US family offices, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Top 10 Family Offices in the United Kingdom', 'content': "Family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These specialized advisory firms go beyond traditional financial services. With their particular approach to managing vast assets, family offices stand as vital pillars in the financial landscape, ensuring that wealth transcends generations while supporting the broader ambitions and personal aspirations of the world's most affluent families. The challenge for investment firms lies in identifying which family offices are open to exploring external investment opportunities, a task compounded by the private nature of these offices. This is where our Dakota Marketplace database comes into play. Our database aims to demystify the realm of family offices, as we have a vast range of international family offices and US family offices. Our initiative is to not only streamline the search process for investment firms, but also promises a more efficient and targeted approach to building relationships. In this article we are giving you a list of the top 10 family offices in the United Kingdom. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Grosvenor Estate AUM: $67,300,000,000 Metro: Liverpool 2. Alta Advisers Limited AUM: $20,000,000,000 Metro: London 3. Wren Investment Office Ltd AUM: $14,700,000,000 Metro: London 4. PECA - Family Office AUM: $8,000,000,000 Metro: London 5. Talisman Global Asset Management Ltd AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: London 6. Man Capital Llp AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: London 7. Rix Capital AUM: $4,000,000,000 Metro: London 8. Windmill Asset Management AUM: $3,400,000,000 Metro: Oxford 9. Caledonia Investments PLC AUM: $3,300,000,000 Metro: London 10. Square Capital LLP AUM: $1,650,000,000 Metro: London To explore more non-US and US family offices, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_214_3-things-to-expect-from-your-dakota-marketplace-me

{'title': '3 Things To Expect From Your Dakota Marketplace Membership', 'introduction': 'While it might be true that with most software platforms, the relationship begins and ends when you sign your contract. With Dakota Marketplace, signing your contract and becoming a member is just the beginning of your partnership. At Dakota, we make customer support our priority, and have done so since Marketplace\'s inception in 2019. When you become a Dakota Marketplace member, you are starting a partnership that is highly personalized and tailored to your specific needs. From the moment you sign your contract, you are assigned a dedicated Customer Success Manager (CSM) who is committed to ensuring your team gets the most out of the Marketplace platform. In this article, we will outline what you can expect from our Customer Success team when you become a Marketplace member. By the end of the article, you\'ll have a complete understanding of how our team works to support you from onboarding to the day to day and beyond. 1. A Comprehensive Onboarding Immediate onboarding: Upon signing your contract, one of our Customer Success Managers will immediately reach out to set up onboarding sessions for all of the Marketplace users at your firm. They are there from the start, and will continue to aid throughout your entire membership. Additionally, any time you add an additional user to your team, we will set up a training session to get your teammate up and running in Marketplace as soon as possible. Interactive Walkthrough: To get the ball rolling, your Customer Success Manager will get to know your firm and teammates to better understand how to help your team leverage Dakota Marketplace. This includes getting to know your target market and what you’re specifically looking to get out of this partnership. Refreshers and support: 30 days from the onboarding, your Customer Success Manager will reach out again to ensure you’re finding everything you need, and understanding the features of our database. Additionally, there are three, six, and nine month check-ins throughout your membership. Finally, with every year that you renew your Marketplace membership, we will set up a quick "refresher" onboarding meeting to ensure that you’re starting the new year off strong and getting the most from the platform. 2. Unmatched Customer Support Continuous check-ins: As we said above, our Customer Success team will set up check-ins 30 days into your membership, and again after three, six, and nine months. We want to make sure you are getting the most out of the platform, so we do our best to check in frequently, and welcome you to reach out with any questions, too. Daily office hours: Our team hosts office hours for Dakota Marketplace Monday-Friday from 1pm-2pm EST. Our team will be online and available to answer any questions, walk through any topics or functions, and help troubleshoot problems you may be facing. 24/7 email and phone support: Finally, our Customer Success team is available by email and cell phone all hours of the day. We have an average response time of four minutes, and we\'re always here to work with our members. Most customers reach out for specific lists, or curated notes from our Dakota Live! Call, Emerging Manager Growth Show, and Rainmaker Live! Shows. Live chat functionality: If you don\'t have time for office hours or training sessions, you can choose to use our live chat functionality directly within Marketplace, so you don’t have to leave the platform if you run into any questions. Our team will be alerted and we’ll get back to you with an answer or solution in a matter of minutes. 3. Personalized services Off-site training: If you have a large sales team looking to utilize Dakota Marketplace, our Customer Success team offers the option to do large training sessions. In these, we review the ins and outs of Marketplace during a time that works best so we can best serve the needs of your team. On-site training: Our Customer Success team offers the option to do training sessions in person. In these, we review the ins and outs of Marketplace during a time that works best so we can best serve the needs of your team. Marketplace Masterclasses: With a Dakota Marketplace membership, you and your team will have access to our quarterly Marketplace Masterclass. This is held by one of our Senior Customer Success Managers where they delve into the new features of Marketplace and duals as a working session, too. Custom Marketplace configurations: Our platform is highly customizable and able to be configured in ways to best serve your needs. Set up a call with our team to walk through how best to set up your custom design. Whether this is filtering certain asset classes, metro areas, or creating curated lists we are here to help! Refresher on-boardings: Each year that you renew we will set up a quick refresher onboarding to make sure you start off the new year knowing how to best continue to utilize the platform. Custom training sessions: We offer a variety of training sessions covering topics such as report building, list building and general feature refreshers. These calls can be set up around your schedule within a day or two of requesting. We will say it time and time again, a partnership with Dakota is not a business deal, it’s a personalized relationship from the moment you sign your contract. You’ll have our entire Customer Success team ready, and eager to help your team leverage fundraising.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '3 Things To Expect From Your Dakota Marketplace Membership', 'content': 'While it might be true that with most software platforms, the relationship begins and ends when you sign your contract. With Dakota Marketplace, signing your contract and becoming a member is just the beginning of your partnership. At Dakota, we make customer support our priority, and have done so since Marketplace\'s inception in 2019. When you become a Dakota Marketplace member, you are starting a partnership that is highly personalized and tailored to your specific needs. From the moment you sign your contract, you are assigned a dedicated Customer Success Manager (CSM) who is committed to ensuring your team gets the most out of the Marketplace platform. In this article, we will outline what you can expect from our Customer Success team when you become a Marketplace member. By the end of the article, you\'ll have a complete understanding of how our team works to support you from onboarding to the day to day and beyond. 1. A Comprehensive Onboarding Immediate onboarding: Upon signing your contract, one of our Customer Success Managers will immediately reach out to set up onboarding sessions for all of the Marketplace users at your firm. They are there from the start, and will continue to aid throughout your entire membership. Additionally, any time you add an additional user to your team, we will set up a training session to get your teammate up and running in Marketplace as soon as possible. Interactive Walkthrough: To get the ball rolling, your Customer Success Manager will get to know your firm and teammates to better understand how to help your team leverage Dakota Marketplace. This includes getting to know your target market and what you’re specifically looking to get out of this partnership. Refreshers and support: 30 days from the onboarding, your Customer Success Manager will reach out again to ensure you’re finding everything you need, and understanding the features of our database. Additionally, there are three, six, and nine month check-ins throughout your membership. Finally, with every year that you renew your Marketplace membership, we will set up a quick "refresher" onboarding meeting to ensure that you’re starting the new year off strong and getting the most from the platform. 2. Unmatched Customer Support Continuous check-ins: As we said above, our Customer Success team will set up check-ins 30 days into your membership, and again after three, six, and nine months. We want to make sure you are getting the most out of the platform, so we do our best to check in frequently, and welcome you to reach out with any questions, too. Daily office hours: Our team hosts office hours for Dakota Marketplace Monday-Friday from 1pm-2pm EST. Our team will be online and available to answer any questions, walk through any topics or functions, and help troubleshoot problems you may be facing. 24/7 email and phone support: Finally, our Customer Success team is available by email and cell phone all hours of the day. We have an average response time of four minutes, and we\'re always here to work with our members. Most customers reach out for specific lists, or curated notes from our Dakota Live! Call, Emerging Manager Growth Show, and Rainmaker Live! Shows. Live chat functionality: If you don\'t have time for office hours or training sessions, you can choose to use our live chat functionality directly within Marketplace, so you don’t have to leave the platform if you run into any questions. Our team will be alerted and we’ll get back to you with an answer or solution in a matter of minutes. 3. Personalized services Off-site training: If you have a large sales team looking to utilize Dakota Marketplace, our Customer Success team offers the option to do large training sessions. In these, we review the ins and outs of Marketplace during a time that works best so we can best serve the needs of your team. On-site training: Our Customer Success team offers the option to do training sessions in person. In these, we review the ins and outs of Marketplace during a time that works best so we can best serve the needs of your team. Marketplace Masterclasses: With a Dakota Marketplace membership, you and your team will have access to our quarterly Marketplace Masterclass. This is held by one of our Senior Customer Success Managers where they delve into the new features of Marketplace and duals as a working session, too. Custom Marketplace configurations: Our platform is highly customizable and able to be configured in ways to best serve your needs. Set up a call with our team to walk through how best to set up your custom design. Whether this is filtering certain asset classes, metro areas, or creating curated lists we are here to help! Refresher on-boardings: Each year that you renew we will set up a quick refresher onboarding to make sure you start off the new year knowing how to best continue to utilize the platform. Custom training sessions: We offer a variety of training sessions covering topics such as report building, list building and general feature refreshers. These calls can be set up around your schedule within a day or two of requesting. We will say it time and time again, a partnership with Dakota is not a business deal, it’s a personalized relationship from the moment you sign your contract. You’ll have our entire Customer Success team ready, and eager to help your team leverage fundraising.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_163_top-10-family-offices-in-germany

{'title': 'Top 10 Family Offices in Germany', 'introduction': "In the world of wealth management, family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These premier advisory entities surpass traditional financial offerings, providing a bespoke management strategy for substantial wealth. As foundational elements in the financial ecosystem, family offices play a crucial role in ensuring the seamless transition of wealth across generations, while catering to the expansive visions and personal ambitions of the world's wealthiest families. For investment management firms, the journey to elevate their fundraising involves the strategic challenge of identifying which family offices are open to discussing new investment opportunities. This endeavor is particularly daunting due to the private and discreet nature of family office operations. Our database, Dakota Marketplace, emerges as a pivotal solution in this context as it is an unparalleled database that sheds light on the intricate world of family offices. Our platform is uniquely positioned to bridge the gap between investment firms and family offices, facilitating direct contact information and engagement with both US and international family offices. In this article we are giving you a list of the top family offices in Germany. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Herald Quandt Family Office AUM: $17,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 2. Spudy Family Office AUM: $12,700,000,000 Metro: Hamburg 3. Palatina Multi Family Office AUM: $10,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 4. HQ Trust AUM: $10,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 5. Salvia GmbH AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Munich 6. Finvia Family Office AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 7. Focam AG AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 8. TRESONO Family Office AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Düsseldorf 9. Atlan AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Hamburg 10. FERI Family Office AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt Dakota Marketplace is not just about simplifying the search for family offices; it's about transforming the approach to investment sales and relationship building in the family office domain. Through enabling direct and effective calling strategies on family offices, we empower investment firms to unlock new opportunities, ensuring a targeted and efficient outreach. Our commitment to all investment management firms is to streamline the fundraising process. By connecting you to the right people, we hope to make it easier for investment firms to achieve their goals while fostering lasting partnerships with the world's most influential family offices.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Top 10 Family Offices in Germany', 'content': "In the world of wealth management, family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These premier advisory entities surpass traditional financial offerings, providing a bespoke management strategy for substantial wealth. As foundational elements in the financial ecosystem, family offices play a crucial role in ensuring the seamless transition of wealth across generations, while catering to the expansive visions and personal ambitions of the world's wealthiest families. For investment management firms, the journey to elevate their fundraising involves the strategic challenge of identifying which family offices are open to discussing new investment opportunities. This endeavor is particularly daunting due to the private and discreet nature of family office operations. Our database, Dakota Marketplace, emerges as a pivotal solution in this context as it is an unparalleled database that sheds light on the intricate world of family offices. Our platform is uniquely positioned to bridge the gap between investment firms and family offices, facilitating direct contact information and engagement with both US and international family offices. In this article we are giving you a list of the top family offices in Germany. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Herald Quandt Family Office AUM: $17,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 2. Spudy Family Office AUM: $12,700,000,000 Metro: Hamburg 3. Palatina Multi Family Office AUM: $10,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 4. HQ Trust AUM: $10,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 5. Salvia GmbH AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Munich 6. Finvia Family Office AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 7. Focam AG AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt 8. TRESONO Family Office AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Düsseldorf 9. Atlan AUM: $2,500,000,000 Metro: Hamburg 10. FERI Family Office AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Frankfurt Dakota Marketplace is not just about simplifying the search for family offices; it's about transforming the approach to investment sales and relationship building in the family office domain. Through enabling direct and effective calling strategies on family offices, we empower investment firms to unlock new opportunities, ensuring a targeted and efficient outreach. Our commitment to all investment management firms is to streamline the fundraising process. By connecting you to the right people, we hope to make it easier for investment firms to achieve their goals while fostering lasting partnerships with the world's most influential family offices.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_325_dakota-rainmaker-which-sales-training-course-is-ri

{'title': 'Dakota Rainmaker: Which Sales Training Course is Right For You?', 'introduction': "If you're new to any industry, you know how critical the first few months can be. You're trying to hit the ground running while learning everything you can about your new firm, and trying to make an impact as early on as you can. It can be stressful, especially if you're in a fast-paced environment, or one that does not have a set training plan for new employees. As turnover in nearly every industry increases, it's becoming even more important to train new teammates effectively. At Dakota, where we've raised over $40 billion since 2006, we noticed the lack of training programs specific to investment sales, and have tried to remedy that with our Dakota Rainmaker sales training program. Rainmaker offers online and live training designed to give new investment salespeople the tools and skills they need to scale their career within their first eighteen months at a firm. In this article, we're outlining the three Dakota Rainmaker course options, including the topics covered and price of each. By the end of the article, you'll have a clear understanding of which might be a fit for you and your firm. We'll start with Sales the Dakota Way. Dakota Rainmaker: Sales the Dakota Way Format: Online video course Sales the Dakota Way consists of four modules. In this course, you will learn the basics with our flagship training program that highlights the four key principles of investment sales: setting expectations, knowing who to call on, presentation training, and the follow-up system. About the course: Through this course you’ll learn everything you need to know to hit the ground running at your firm, and make the most of those first critical 18 months. Specifically, you will learn proven sales techniques including how to set goals, script a pitch, and build a business plan for your firm. What you’ll learn: The first module of this course focuses on setting expectations. We’ll cover how to set clear expectations with your portfolio manager, CEO, and head of sales to avoid miscommunication and confusion. Second, you'll focus on knowing who to call on. This module will teach you the importance of finding people who buy what you sell, and how to increase this number over time. In the third module, you will hone your presentation skills, focusing on bringing your firm’s story to life so you can use it to connect with your buyer. And finally, the fourth module focuses on creating a follow-up system. Here you will learn to communicate like a true sales leader and target your message to the right audience. Price: This course is $1,500. Dakota Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course Format: The Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course is a one-hour live course with Gui Costin, the founder and CEO of Dakota. About the course: These are live sessions that offer an introduction to the four core principles of investment sales. You’ll gain insight into these principles and how to implement them into your firm. What you’ll learn: Topics for these sessions include: Structuring a business plan Creating and increasing your total addressable market (TAM) Scripting your meeting pitch Utilizing your CRM to efficiently follow up. During the hour-long session, you’ll take a deeper dive into setting expectations, knowing who to call on, presentation training, and the follow-up system. Price: $495 per person. Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course Format: Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course is a four-hour intensive course broken into two two-hour sessions. About the course: At the end of the sessions, you’ll walk away with tangible assets to start using immediately with your firm. The seats are limited to five people per session and features interactive small groups. What you’ll learn: In this course you will spend an hour on each of the four core principles to investment sales. Aside from getting an overview of each, you’ll have walk away with ways to put them into practice. We supply you with physical workbooks to create a business plan and sales pitch. Price: $2,495 to register. Which Rainmaker course is right for you? If you are looking for… A flexible, introductory overview of the four investment sales principles, Dakota Rainmaker: Sales the Dakota Way is what you’re looking for. A live course that offers insight to the four keys of investment sales, Dakota Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course is for you. A live course that includes interaction and in-depth knowledge on the principles of investment sales, Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course is the best fit for you and your firm. Get started with Dakota Rainmaker today:", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Dakota Rainmaker: Which Sales Training Course is Right For You?', 'content': "If you're new to any industry, you know how critical the first few months can be. You're trying to hit the ground running while learning everything you can about your new firm, and trying to make an impact as early on as you can. It can be stressful, especially if you're in a fast-paced environment, or one that does not have a set training plan for new employees. As turnover in nearly every industry increases, it's becoming even more important to train new teammates effectively. At Dakota, where we've raised over $40 billion since 2006, we noticed the lack of training programs specific to investment sales, and have tried to remedy that with our Dakota Rainmaker sales training program. Rainmaker offers online and live training designed to give new investment salespeople the tools and skills they need to scale their career within their first eighteen months at a firm. In this article, we're outlining the three Dakota Rainmaker course options, including the topics covered and price of each. By the end of the article, you'll have a clear understanding of which might be a fit for you and your firm. We'll start with Sales the Dakota Way. Dakota Rainmaker: Sales the Dakota Way Format: Online video course Sales the Dakota Way consists of four modules. In this course, you will learn the basics with our flagship training program that highlights the four key principles of investment sales: setting expectations, knowing who to call on, presentation training, and the follow-up system. About the course: Through this course you’ll learn everything you need to know to hit the ground running at your firm, and make the most of those first critical 18 months. Specifically, you will learn proven sales techniques including how to set goals, script a pitch, and build a business plan for your firm. What you’ll learn: The first module of this course focuses on setting expectations. We’ll cover how to set clear expectations with your portfolio manager, CEO, and head of sales to avoid miscommunication and confusion. Second, you'll focus on knowing who to call on. This module will teach you the importance of finding people who buy what you sell, and how to increase this number over time. In the third module, you will hone your presentation skills, focusing on bringing your firm’s story to life so you can use it to connect with your buyer. And finally, the fourth module focuses on creating a follow-up system. Here you will learn to communicate like a true sales leader and target your message to the right audience. Price: This course is $1,500. Dakota Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course Format: The Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course is a one-hour live course with Gui Costin, the founder and CEO of Dakota. About the course: These are live sessions that offer an introduction to the four core principles of investment sales. You’ll gain insight into these principles and how to implement them into your firm. What you’ll learn: Topics for these sessions include: Structuring a business plan Creating and increasing your total addressable market (TAM) Scripting your meeting pitch Utilizing your CRM to efficiently follow up. During the hour-long session, you’ll take a deeper dive into setting expectations, knowing who to call on, presentation training, and the follow-up system. Price: $495 per person. Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course Format: Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course is a four-hour intensive course broken into two two-hour sessions. About the course: At the end of the sessions, you’ll walk away with tangible assets to start using immediately with your firm. The seats are limited to five people per session and features interactive small groups. What you’ll learn: In this course you will spend an hour on each of the four core principles to investment sales. Aside from getting an overview of each, you’ll have walk away with ways to put them into practice. We supply you with physical workbooks to create a business plan and sales pitch. Price: $2,495 to register. Which Rainmaker course is right for you? If you are looking for… A flexible, introductory overview of the four investment sales principles, Dakota Rainmaker: Sales the Dakota Way is what you’re looking for. A live course that offers insight to the four keys of investment sales, Dakota Rainmaker Live: Introductory Course is for you. A live course that includes interaction and in-depth knowledge on the principles of investment sales, Dakota Rainmaker Live: Masterclass Course is the best fit for you and your firm. Get started with Dakota Rainmaker today:", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_054_october-2024-public-plan-commitment-summary

{'title': 'October 2024 Public Plan Commitment Summary', 'introduction': "In October, Dakota tracked over $9.6 billion across 128 investments. Throughout this time, 54 distinct pension funds or entities disclosed their commitments. In this article we are going over the top allocators, allocations, and terminations made in the month of October. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the Public Pension commitments made in the month of October. The Top Allocators For the Month: California State Teachers’ Retirement System disclosed $1.1 billion in new commitments Virginia Retirement System reported an additional $737 million in commitments State of Michigan Investment Board approved $736 million in commitments Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of $3.8 billion was directed into 55 investments, making up approximately 40% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $3.2 billion was invested through 35 deals, constituting 33% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $1.2 billion allocated across 23 investments, representing 13% of commitments. Real Assets: $670 million was allocated across 9 investments, accounting for 7% of the month's total. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 26% of overall commitments, with $2.5 billion allocated to 33 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $1.9 billion in commitments, equal to 19% of the total. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $670 million in commitments, representing 7% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $710 million, which was 7% of the investments tracked in October. New call-to-action Significant Allocations in October: Virginia Retirement System - Apollo Libra: $500,000,000 Hassan Investment Company - Brookfield Middle East Partners (PE): $500,000,000 Delaware Public Employees’ Retirement System - Cantillon Global Equity: $350,000,000 State of Michigan Investment Board - Apollo Accord+ II Fund: $300,000,000 CalSTRS - Blackstone Capital Partners IX: $250,000,000 Smaller Allocations: City of Fresno Retirement Systems - Blue Vista Real Estate Partners: $9,000,000 Fairfax County Educational - CBRE U.S. Logistic Partners: $6,000,000 Fairfax County Educational - Linden Capital Partners VI: $5,000,000 To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'October 2024 Public Plan Commitment Summary', 'content': "In October, Dakota tracked over $9.6 billion across 128 investments. Throughout this time, 54 distinct pension funds or entities disclosed their commitments. In this article we are going over the top allocators, allocations, and terminations made in the month of October. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding of the Public Pension commitments made in the month of October. The Top Allocators For the Month: California State Teachers’ Retirement System disclosed $1.1 billion in new commitments Virginia Retirement System reported an additional $737 million in commitments State of Michigan Investment Board approved $736 million in commitments Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of $3.8 billion was directed into 55 investments, making up approximately 40% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $3.2 billion was invested through 35 deals, constituting 33% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $1.2 billion allocated across 23 investments, representing 13% of commitments. Real Assets: $670 million was allocated across 9 investments, accounting for 7% of the month's total. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 26% of overall commitments, with $2.5 billion allocated to 33 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $1.9 billion in commitments, equal to 19% of the total. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $670 million in commitments, representing 7% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $710 million, which was 7% of the investments tracked in October. New call-to-action Significant Allocations in October: Virginia Retirement System - Apollo Libra: $500,000,000 Hassan Investment Company - Brookfield Middle East Partners (PE): $500,000,000 Delaware Public Employees’ Retirement System - Cantillon Global Equity: $350,000,000 State of Michigan Investment Board - Apollo Accord+ II Fund: $300,000,000 CalSTRS - Blackstone Capital Partners IX: $250,000,000 Smaller Allocations: City of Fresno Retirement Systems - Blue Vista Real Estate Partners: $9,000,000 Fairfax County Educational - CBRE U.S. Logistic Partners: $6,000,000 Fairfax County Educational - Linden Capital Partners VI: $5,000,000 To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_020_may-2025-financial-advisor-moves-who-changed-firms

{'title': 'May 2025 Financial Advisor Moves: Who Changed Firms This Month?', 'introduction': "Raymond James was again the most active monthly recruiter, ending May with 12 new advisor teams, while rival LPL remained plenty active, adding six teams with a combined $1.5B in client assets to its various platforms. Among the more notable advisor moves in the month was the $1.5B team formerly known as The AHM Group at Morgan Stanley joining Dynasty Financial -backed Americana Partners . RBC Wealth Management nabbed three advisors from UBS , including a $1.5B team in Boise, ID. Sanctuary Wealth , meanwhile, expanded in the Midwest and the Southeast with 1280 Financial Partners located in Miami, Fort Myers, FL, Sandusky, OH, and Augusta, SC, adding $2B in client assets. Among some of the more notable other people moves, LinePoint Partners added Cooper Rey , Anton Marinchik , and Lauren Colonna to its leadership team – its latest addition since its launch in March. Bernstein Private Wealth Management named Ashley Velategui head of its Wealth Strategies Group after the departure of Tara Popernik , and former Lazard executive Jennifer Abate joined Blackrock as the head of its RIA unit. For a complete overview of May independent advisor moves and other people news, continue reading Dakota's comprehensive roundup: Advisor Moves LPL Financial announced that financial advisor R. Brennan Barlow joined the firm's broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platforms, moving from Raymond James , where he managed $250M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. Lido Advisors announced its partnership with Copperwynd Financial , an independent RIA in Scottsdale, AZ, adding $720M in client assets. The Copperwynd team will fully transition to Lido as a part of the transaction. Clinton, NC-based financial advisor Bryan Griffin joined Raymond James ' independent advisor channel and established PineTrust Wealth Partners with branch manager Trent Williamson . Griffin jumps from Edward Jones , where he managed $155M in client assets. LPL -affiliate Financial Design Group added Jackson, OH-based financial advisor Tyler “Ty” Williams . He joined the firm from Wesbanco Securities and had prior connections with the U.S. Bancorp Investments , Fifth Third Securities , and Northwestern Mutual . $9B Americana Partners , a Dynasty Financial Partners network firm, added the $1.5B advisor team of Palmer Moldawer , Will Carsey , Will Gutkowski , and Kayla Sickman , formerly known as The AHM Group at Morgan Stanley , who will be operating in the firm’s Houston office. This recruitment follows Americana’s acquisition of $2B Beverly Hills, CA-based Boulevard Family Wealth in March. LPL Financial recruited Fairfield, NJ-based Northern Advisory Group into the firm’s broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platform. The team, led by partners Richard DiTaranto , Brian DiBrino , and Jeff Miller , comes from Osaic where they managed $300M in client assets. The move includes financial advisors Anthony Fresella , Daniel Greenwood , Griffin Durand , Robert Kelley , Seamus Nelson , Jaret Mittenthal , and Damien DiTaranto . Wells Fargo nabbed Bellevue, WA-based Legacy Investment Consulting Group from UBS . The team of Brett Williams , Paul Adams , Kyle Kuykendall , and Andrew Dickson reportedly produced $6.7M in annual revenue and managed $800M in client assets, serving high-net-worth clients in the King County area. Janney Montgomery Scott expanded its presence in Florida through the addition of the Integrity Wealth Advisory team in Coral Gables, FL, serving clients in Miami-Dade County. The firm is led by former Raymond James advisors Ray Sardiña and Susan Rutrough . Financial advisors Scotty Campbell and Jim Campbell joined Raymond James ’ independent advisor channel from Wells Fargo , where they managed $285M in client assets. As part of the move, the advisors launched Conway, AK- based Campbell Wealth Management . Financial Advisor Allan Scott “Al” Lynn has joined Janney Montgomery Scott in Bedminster, NJ. Lynn has nearly 40 years of experience, most recently at Raymond James . His career also includes stints at Edward Jones and McLaughlin, Piven, and Vogel . Stephanie Stewart , Debra Hedgcoth , and Madison Wentland of West Texas Investments , managing approximately $170M in assets, have joined LPL Financial from B. Riley Wealth Advisors . The Lubbock, TX-based team brings over 40 years of combined experience. Raymond James added two new advisors – Martha Maki , who previously managed over $190M at Edward Jones , and Kayla Rivet , who joins from LPL Financial . The team will operate as Maki Financial in Claremont, NH. Daniel Gustavo Diaz reportedly joined Raymond James in Miami, coming from Merrill Lynch. He has 37 years of financial advisory experience. &Partners recruited $650M Geller Private Wealth from Ameriprise in Long Island. The team, which is led by Todd Geller and includes advisors Richard J. Rubin and Gerald Kirschner , reportedly produced $5.2M in revenue. Sanctuary Wealth recruited a $2B team from UBS , which will operate as 1280 Financial Partners . The team, located in Miami, Fort Myers, FL, Sandusky, OH, and Augusta, SC, is led by managing partners Tom Burt , Duane Ohly , Charlie Todd , and John McGee and includes senior portfolio managers Brett Kinzel , John Petracco , and Carol Powell , wealth advisor Richard Allen Flippo , and support staff. StoneBridge Advisors , an Osaic affiliate firm, recruited financial planner Ryan Grossman from VALIC Financial Advisors in Annapolis, MD, bringing $210M in assets. Grossman is joined by practice manager Susan Gallant and client service coordinator Michelle Kellner . Financial advisor Seth Diamond has jumped to Raymond James ’ independent employee advisor channel in Glastonbury, CT. The former Janney advisor managed approximately $150M in assets and was previously connected with Morgan Stanley and Wachovia Securities . Raymond James reportedly added Hudson, OH-based TPG Wealth Management , composed of former UBS advisors Paul Corbeil , James Yurak , and Gregory Box . The team managed $450M during their time at UBS and generated $3M in annual revenue. Veteran financial advisor Jesus Fomperosa and his team have reportedly left JPMorgan to launch an RIA. Fomperosa is based in Miami and served ultra-high-net-worth clients in Mexico during his time as managing director at JPMorgan. UBS Florida International added Ana Sofia Dominguez , Jorge Claypole , and Eduardo Carrera to the firm. The former Citi team will operate as Nexus Advisors , serving ultra-high-net-worth clients in the Southern region of Latin America and the US. Advisors Chad Tramp and Scott Hitchcock have reportedly departed Chicago-area RIA Choreo to establish XRSM Wealth Management under Mariner Independent – Mariner Wealth Advisors ' network. Tramp has been with Choreo since 2000 and Hitchcock since 2003. Mariner Wealth Advisors, pursuing an aggressive recruitment strategy under CEO Marty Bicknell , has reached 1,500 advisors and is aiming for 5,000 by 2027. The Austin and Smith Wealth Management Group , a Syracuse, NY-based advisory team, reportedly left UBS for RBC Wealth Management . Composed of veteran advisor Thomas Austin , Ryan Smith , and Elizabeth Moynihan , the team managed $500M in client assets. Financial advisors Lisa Fouraker and Steven Victor joined Raymond James ’ employee advisor channel, forming Victor-Fouraker Group of Raymond James in Devon, PA. The team, which includes Joshua Fouraker and Mary Kane , managed $165M during their time at Janney Montgomery Scott . Boston-based financial advisor Thomas Robinson recently joined Wells Fargo . Robinson was previously connected with UBS , where he reportedly managed $184M in client assets and produced $2.1M in annual revenue. Prior to his stint at UBS, Robinson was affiliated with Merrill Lynch . Rockefeller Capital Management recruited Zhang Wealth Partners into the Rockefeller Global Family Office . The team, composed of managing director Rachel Zhang and client service associate Peggy Simmons , operates in Newton, PA. Zhang and Simmons join the firm from Morgan Stanley . Great Diamond Partners , a Portland, ME-based wealth management firm, added Stephen Poulos as a senior financial advisor, bringing over $125M in potential assets under management from HeadInvest and expanding the firm's total AUM to approximately $765M. The firm also recruited portfolio manager Mark Doehla , formerly affiliated with H.M. Payson . GenTrust appointed Brian Goldman as managing director and senior client advisor for alternative investments, handling ultra-high-net-worth clients. Goldman is a wealth management veteran with more than three decades of experience who previously held leadership roles at Lanx Management and Schroders . &Partners added Jupiter, FL-based 26 East Private Wealth , led by former Wells Fargo advisors Doug Waters and Patrick Hoenes . The advisors are joined by relationship manager Julie Rapp in serving high-net-worth individuals and businesses, and the firm employs the custodial services of Fidelity. Ryan Clinton will join Hill Investment Group – an RIA in the evidence-based-investing space – and its sister firm, Longview Research Partners , as a portfolio manager, effective June 2. Clinton brings nearly six years of experience from Dimensional Fund Advisors , where he managed flagship core ETFs. Veteran investment manager Cesar Labarthe joined ACP Group 's ACP Capital Management as managing director in Miami. He was previously connected with the Inteligo Group in Peru, where he reportedly managed $2B in client assets. Prior to Inteligo, Labarthe was an investment manager for BBVA Asset Management . Former $185M Morgan Stanley advisor Jason Hancock has joined the independent advisor channel of Raymond James . Hancock joins the established team at Voyager Wealth Advisors in Salt Lake City, UT, led by Chris Williams . He brings eight years of wealth management experience, having also previously worked at E*Trade Securities , Goldman Sachs , and Ameritrade . Cameron Rogers , formerly of Ellevest , joined $2.4B Angeles Wealth Management in New York as partner. She reportedly managed $240M in client assets during her time at Ellevest. Before her stint at Ellevest, she was affiliated with JPMorgan . Financial advisors Brandon Hayes , Eric Pucciarelli , and Cristina Briboneria, have moved within the Kestra Financial platform to launch ClariVise Private Wealth in Alpharetta, GA, through Bluespring Wealth Partners . The advisors were formerly connected with Kestra-affiliated oXYGen Financial . Stifel Financial recruited the Abbracciamento Strandskov Wealth Management Group from Merrill Lynch . The team, managing $540M in client assets and led by John Abbracciamento and Brian Strandskov , moved to Stifel's Yardley, PA, branch along with Gregory Abbracciamento and client associates Michael Peczinka and Matthew Ryan . \\ Porte Brown Wealth Management added former Avantax advisor Elvis Medica . Medica brings nearly 30 years of financial services experience and will specialize in retirement planning, investment strategy, and risk management. Joseph “Joe” Nacca joined Rockefeller Global Family Office , launching Nacca Wealth Partners with client associate Traci Passamonte in Rochester, NY. Nacca has spent the last two decades at Sage, Rutty, & Co. , where he reportedly managed around $300M of client assets. Three advisory teams, collectively managing $1.4B in client assets, reportedly left UBS . San Diego-based Excel Wealth Management , led by Juleane Spittler and Christopher Jette with $533M in assets, joined Wells Fargo ; $530M S abota Wealth Management Group joined Stifel in Tyler, TX; and David Potischman , leading a $385M New Jersey team, joined Morgan Stanley . Twenty Four Wealth , an affiliate of Stratos Wealth Partners , recruited Chiraag Kirpalani to its network of private wealth advisors in Darien, CT. Kirpalani reportedly managed $300M during his time at NorthCoast Asset Management in Greenwich, CT. Arbor Financial Services recruited Michael Knight to its Fort Lauderdale location. Knight’s recruitment is the first of five planned locations on Florida’s East Coast. He is formerly connected with Advisors Capital Management , where he worked with a team that managed a $600M book of high-net-worth clients. Integrated Partners added Corey Wealth Management as its new affiliate, bringing $370M in client assets to the Boston-based firm. Corey Wealth is led by Jeff Corey , who was previously at Claro Advisors . Ashton Thomas Private Wealth , an Arax Investment Partners firm, expanded its West Coast presence by adding ultra-high-net-worth advisors Lance Millar and Stewart Preziose in San Francisco. Formerly affiliated with SVB Private , Millar and Preziose join as the Speritas Private Wealth Team , bringing a combined $900M in assets under management. LPL Financial recruited Colin Beamish to its employee advisor channel, launching Beamish Wealth Management of LPL Financial . Beamish was formerly affiliated with RBC subsidiary City National Securities , where he managed $445M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. Raymond James Financial Services recruited financial advisor Debi Gregory to its independent channel. Gregory, joined by client service associates Wendi Bertram and Katie Irwin , operates DG Financial in Puyallup, WA. Previously managing approximately $100M in client assets at Edward Jones , Gregory specializes in retirement, long-term care cost management, and asset preservation. Beacon Pointe Advisors added advisor and retirement plan specialist Greg Mykytyn , who comes from Commerce Street Holdings , where he managed $700M in retirement plan assets. Michaud Capital Management (MCM) appointed André Mehta as senior managing director in Boston. Mehta, an investment and family office executive with over 25 years of experience, including leadership roles at Confidential Private Trust Company , Cambridge Associates , and the Yale Investments Office , will spearhead MCM's client success initiatives, drive business development, and shape investment strategies. LPL Financial recruited Mai Park to its employee advisor channel Linsco . Park was previously with Merrill Lynch , where she managed $330M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. At LPL, Park will align with Pence Wealth Management to launch Mai Park Capital . Omaha, NE-based Carson Group fully acquired partner firm SRQ Wealth in Sarasota, FL, adding $365M in client assets. The firm became a Carson partner in 2019 and is led by managing partners Steve Martin , Karin Grablin , and Justin Salemy . SRQ Wealth will continue to operate under the name post-acquisition and becomes the 25th wholly-owned Carson office. Raymond James recruited financial advisors Christopher Guandolo , Marc Allen Brown , and Maria Corradi to its independent advisor channel. The team, which managed $205M at Janney, will operate as Waymaker Wealth Management in Beaver, PA, and Boca Raton, FL. Raymond James added financial advisors Michael Forbes and Colin Forbes to its independent advisor channel. They come from D.A. Davidson , where they managed $200M in assets. The team will be operating as Forbes Private Wealth in Draper, UT. Cerity Partners recruited Chad Wing and Dustin Brutton as partners in Scottsdale, AZ. Wing and Brutton lead a four-person team in their move from Canopy Wealth Management Arizona , where they primarily served high-net-worth clients. RBC Wealth Management reportedly recruited a team managing $1.6B in client assets from UBS Wealth Management in Boise, ID. The team is led by industry veterans Sandra Dalton , William Bahney , and Michael Treinen , along with Benjamin Dalton and support staff. Four California advisors reportedly recently left UBS , with Beverly Hills-based Mark Grueninger – who produced $4M in revenue – going to RBC ; siblings Brian and Sanae Garcia – who managed around $300M – joining Raymond James in Pasadena as the Garcia Wealth Management Group ; and Johnathan Israel also joining Raymond James in Woodland Hills. Other Peoples Moves Veris Wealth Partners CEO Stephanie Cohn Rupp has stepped down from the role but will remain as an active member of the board. She will also continue to be the chair of US SIF: The Sustainable Investment Forum . Overseeing the firm's operations after her retirement are chief operating officer Sheryl Kucer , investment officer Roraj Pradhananga , and advisory officer Jane Swan . Investment veteran Josean Fernandez joined Parnassus Investments as managing director, head of intermediary distribution. Fernandez will be responsible for leading the firm's distribution strategy for financial advisors and overseeing the growth of the retail intermediary sales team. Binah Capital Group appointed Ryan Marcus as its chief business development and engagement officer. Marcus will work with broker-dealers that belong to the Binah Capital network including PKS Investments and Cabot Lodge Securities . $2.5B Crewe Advisors appointed Seth Merrill , former co-director of portfolio strategy at Ensign Peak Advisors , as CIO and partner, and named founding partner Dustin Thackeray as head of portfolio management. Argent Financial Group hired George McCurdy as senior portfolio manager in its Birmingham office. With over 20 years of experience from Regions Investment Management , McCurdy will focus on investment strategy and planning for individuals, family offices, institutions, and nonprofits, reporting to market president Collins Compere . Lazard veteran Jennifer Abate joined Blackstone as senior managing director and head of its RIA unit, the latest move in the alternative asset management giant’s private wealth push. Bellevue-based Parcion Private Wealth , with over $2.7B in client assets, appointed Dan McCollum as CIO and Sam King as COO and chief compliance officer to bolster its leadership team. Founded in 2019, Parcion focuses on middle-market business owners, aiming for growth while maintaining client focus with these strategic hires. $4B Nordwand Capital , a multifamily office based in Radnor, PA, appointed Patrick McGinnis as managing director, bolstering the firm’s investment and estate planning capabilities. McGinnis joined from Fiduciary Trust , where he managed $300M in assets. Focus Financial Partners appointed Zinovy Iosovich to the newly created position of Chief Growth Officer of its Focus Partners division. He will initially focus on Focus Partners Wealth before expanding to other firms within the division, collaborating with newly appointed COO Justin Ferri . Iosovich previously served as Co-President at Focus Partners Wealth. Cetera Financial Group appointed John Lefferts , former national head of business development at Equitable Advisors , as head of Cetera Investors . He will lead the supported independence model, overseeing more than 40 branch offices nationwide, to drive growth and enhance advisor support. $26B RIA Allworth Financial has reportedly hired Sara Baker as its new executive vice president of mergers and acquisitions to lead its dealmaking efforts. Baker brings extensive M&A experience from firms like Triad Wealth Partners and Edelman Financial Engines . The hire follows the firm’s Sheaff Brock purchase last month. Unity Hunt , the Dallas-based family office of Lamar Hunt , appointed Andrew Fisher as president. Fisher was previously senior director of family enterprise development and investment advisory for the Chik-fil-A founders' Cathy Family Office . Julian Lopez is returning to Charles Schwab as managing director of relationship management for Schwab Advisor Service after a two-year stint at LPL . Lopez, who will focus on serving Schwab's largest and most complex independent advisors in this newly created role, was previously at Schwab for over 20 years. Former JPMorgan Private Bank head of market strategy and trading Russell Budnick will join Citi Wealth as capital markets head, effective in August. Budnick has two decades of capital markets experience serving ultra-high-net-worth clients. Los Angeles-based multi-family office and investment management firm Curated Wealth Partners appointed Nellie Keyhani as director of client advisory. Keyhani brings nearly 20 years of experience from ICONIQ Capital and Whittier Trust , including work with ultra-high-net-worth clients. Bernstein Private Wealth Management named Ashley Velategui head of its Wealth Strategies Group , effective May 9, succeeding Tara Popernik . Based in Seattle, she will lead the national team advising high and ultra-high-net-worth clients and report to Alex Chaloff , head of investments and wealth strategies. Houston-based Financial Synergies Wealth Advisors , with $16B in client assets, completed its succession plan, naming eight new partners and remaining 100% employee-owned. As part of the leadership expansion, Marie Villard was named Chief Operating Officer. Founder Mike Booker remains with the firm as a senior financial advisor and mentor. Matthew Mantle joined Foundation Wealth Partners in Calgary as portfolio manager and financial planner, bolstering the firm's Western Canada presence. Mantle was most recently a portfolio manager at Harness Investment Management , and he was previously with RBC Dominion Securities as an associate wealth advisor. Emigrant Bank , parent of Emigrant Partners , hired former Cresset Capital executive Mark Rogozinski to head family office services, aiming to enhance offerings for its RIA partners. He was previously executive managing director for Cresset's strategic initiatives and had also served as President of Cresset Family Office . David Larado , former managing director head of advisor recruiting and retention at UBS , has reportedly joined Indianapolis-based RIA Sapient Capital as head of recruitment. He first joined UBS in 2008 as an analyst for the firm’s graduate training program and landed a leadership role for advisor recruitment in 2020. Summit Trail Advisors named Jeff Ringdahl partner, president, and chief operations officer. Ringdahl was previously CEO at Resolute Investment Managers , leaving in 2024 when the company was sold. Simon Quick Advisors expanded into Texas, establishing a Dallas office led by managing Directors Shei Unger , Nate Ohlinger , and Ryan Moffett , who all join from Northern Trust . Caprock , a $13B multi-family office serving ultra-high-net-worth clients, appointed Frank Giuliano as head of corporate development. Giuliano will spearhead strategic inorganic growth through M&A and advisor recruitment. He worked in corporate development at LPL prior to this move. His recruitment follows the firm's first acquisition in 2024 of Grey Street Capital . David Ciolfi joined Eastern Bank 's Cambridge Trust Private Banking division as senior vice president and team lead for business development. He brings over two decades of experience from Citizens Private Wealth and Wells Fargo Private Bank , specializing in private banking and wealth management for high-net-worth clients across the Northeast. Prosperity Capital Advisors appointed Stan Milovancev as co-CEO and Scott Rister as co-president and chief financial officer. Milovancev previously served as president of The Dash Group and of CBIZ Investment Advisory Services , while Rister is the founder of RF Advisory Group and co-founder of Transcend Partner Group. Merchant Investment Management -backed Concurrent Investment Advisors hired David Patchen as executive-in-residence to develop customized consulting programs for advisors. Patchen was previously an SVP at Raymond James , overseeing practice management and new advisor training. Aspiriant Wealth Management , a Los Angeles-based firm overseeing $15B in client assets, added six new partners, bringing the total number of employee-owners to one-third of its 230-person team. The new partners, who will be based in the firm’s Los Angeles and New York offices, are Chris Kazmer , Mike King , Mike Lavalle , Rachel Lee , Daniel Moas , and Lina Sanchez , all holding leadership roles across wealth management, strategic planning, and legal. LinePoint Partners , an affiliation platform for ultra-high-net-worth advisors and single family office executives that launched in March, made three additions to its leadership team. Joining the executive committee are Cooper Rey , formerly of Goldman Sachs and now with Monroe Capital , as Chairman, and Anton Marinchik , also from Monroe Capital and previously Goldman Sachs, as an independent advisor. The firm also appointed Lauren Colonna as chief marketing officer. PNC Asset Management Group (AMG) appointed Yung-Yu Ma chief investment strategist. With over two decades of experience, including nearly a decade as CIO at BMO Wealth Management , Ma will lead AMG's efforts in developing investment solutions for individual and institutional clients, operating at the firm’s Philadelphia office and reporting to chief investment officer Amanada Agati . Tara Thompson Popernik joined LPL Financial as executive vice president and head of wealth planning in Fort Mill, SC. She was most recently an SVP and head of wealth strategies at Bernstein Private Wealth Management . In addition, LPL recruited Monte Tomasino from Dell as executive vice president of service digital enablement. The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America restructured its Individual Markets business into two units: Financial Protection & Retirement Solutions and the Client Solutions & Wealth Management . Along with this restructuring, the company made several leadership changes, including appointing Mike Perry to lead the Client Solutions & Wealth Management unit, where he will oversee Park Avenue Securities , Guardian's Guardian's broker-dealer and corporate RIA. Citigroup reportedly appointed Ronald “Ron” Meraz as regional director for California and Nevada, overseeing over 275 wealth branches. Meraz formerly served as the managing director and market executive for Palo Alto, CA, at Merrill Lynch . He was previously affiliated with UBS as the market executive for Orange County . Gateway Financial Partners appointed Mike Kitzman as chief engagement officer, reporting to chief growth officer Bailey Sutherland . In this newly established role, Kitzman will focus on strengthening connections and enhancing engagement among financial advisors, strategic partners, vendors, and community stakeholders. Cetera Financial Group appointed former Juniper Square customer officer Andina Anderson as its new managing director of digital solutions and head of RIA Blueprint, overseeing the firm’s goal for advisory growth. Focus Financial president for international operations Molly Bennard has reportedly left the firm, following reports that the company was planning to sell some of its international businesses. Bennard joined Focus in 2015 as vice president and became managing director in 2019. From 2022 to 2024 she held the chief executive officer position for Focus' Connectus Wealth Advisers . Third Lake Capital , the family office of Ashley Furniture founder Ronald Wanek , appointed Dhvani Shah as president and chief investment officer. Shah was previously an investment officer for JM Family Enterprises in Deerfield Beach, FL, and IMRF in Oak Brook, IL. She also served as managing director of private equity for New York State Teachers’ Retirement System . BBVA Global Wealth Advisors (GWA) , the US subsidiary of BBVA , has reportedly appointed Humberto Garcia de Alba as CEO in Miami. A 23-year BBVA veteran, most recently head of global wealth in Madrid, he will lead BBVA GWA's investment advisory services for Latin American clients. For more information on Financial Advisor moves, book a demo of Dakota today!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'May 2025 Financial Advisor Moves: Who Changed Firms This Month?', 'content': "Raymond James was again the most active monthly recruiter, ending May with 12 new advisor teams, while rival LPL remained plenty active, adding six teams with a combined $1.5B in client assets to its various platforms. Among the more notable advisor moves in the month was the $1.5B team formerly known as The AHM Group at Morgan Stanley joining Dynasty Financial -backed Americana Partners . RBC Wealth Management nabbed three advisors from UBS , including a $1.5B team in Boise, ID. Sanctuary Wealth , meanwhile, expanded in the Midwest and the Southeast with 1280 Financial Partners located in Miami, Fort Myers, FL, Sandusky, OH, and Augusta, SC, adding $2B in client assets. Among some of the more notable other people moves, LinePoint Partners added Cooper Rey , Anton Marinchik , and Lauren Colonna to its leadership team – its latest addition since its launch in March. Bernstein Private Wealth Management named Ashley Velategui head of its Wealth Strategies Group after the departure of Tara Popernik , and former Lazard executive Jennifer Abate joined Blackrock as the head of its RIA unit. For a complete overview of May independent advisor moves and other people news, continue reading Dakota's comprehensive roundup: Advisor Moves LPL Financial announced that financial advisor R. Brennan Barlow joined the firm's broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platforms, moving from Raymond James , where he managed $250M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. Lido Advisors announced its partnership with Copperwynd Financial , an independent RIA in Scottsdale, AZ, adding $720M in client assets. The Copperwynd team will fully transition to Lido as a part of the transaction. Clinton, NC-based financial advisor Bryan Griffin joined Raymond James ' independent advisor channel and established PineTrust Wealth Partners with branch manager Trent Williamson . Griffin jumps from Edward Jones , where he managed $155M in client assets. LPL -affiliate Financial Design Group added Jackson, OH-based financial advisor Tyler “Ty” Williams . He joined the firm from Wesbanco Securities and had prior connections with the U.S. Bancorp Investments , Fifth Third Securities , and Northwestern Mutual . $9B Americana Partners , a Dynasty Financial Partners network firm, added the $1.5B advisor team of Palmer Moldawer , Will Carsey , Will Gutkowski , and Kayla Sickman , formerly known as The AHM Group at Morgan Stanley , who will be operating in the firm’s Houston office. This recruitment follows Americana’s acquisition of $2B Beverly Hills, CA-based Boulevard Family Wealth in March. LPL Financial recruited Fairfield, NJ-based Northern Advisory Group into the firm’s broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platform. The team, led by partners Richard DiTaranto , Brian DiBrino , and Jeff Miller , comes from Osaic where they managed $300M in client assets. The move includes financial advisors Anthony Fresella , Daniel Greenwood , Griffin Durand , Robert Kelley , Seamus Nelson , Jaret Mittenthal , and Damien DiTaranto . Wells Fargo nabbed Bellevue, WA-based Legacy Investment Consulting Group from UBS . The team of Brett Williams , Paul Adams , Kyle Kuykendall , and Andrew Dickson reportedly produced $6.7M in annual revenue and managed $800M in client assets, serving high-net-worth clients in the King County area. Janney Montgomery Scott expanded its presence in Florida through the addition of the Integrity Wealth Advisory team in Coral Gables, FL, serving clients in Miami-Dade County. The firm is led by former Raymond James advisors Ray Sardiña and Susan Rutrough . Financial advisors Scotty Campbell and Jim Campbell joined Raymond James ’ independent advisor channel from Wells Fargo , where they managed $285M in client assets. As part of the move, the advisors launched Conway, AK- based Campbell Wealth Management . Financial Advisor Allan Scott “Al” Lynn has joined Janney Montgomery Scott in Bedminster, NJ. Lynn has nearly 40 years of experience, most recently at Raymond James . His career also includes stints at Edward Jones and McLaughlin, Piven, and Vogel . Stephanie Stewart , Debra Hedgcoth , and Madison Wentland of West Texas Investments , managing approximately $170M in assets, have joined LPL Financial from B. Riley Wealth Advisors . The Lubbock, TX-based team brings over 40 years of combined experience. Raymond James added two new advisors – Martha Maki , who previously managed over $190M at Edward Jones , and Kayla Rivet , who joins from LPL Financial . The team will operate as Maki Financial in Claremont, NH. Daniel Gustavo Diaz reportedly joined Raymond James in Miami, coming from Merrill Lynch. He has 37 years of financial advisory experience. &Partners recruited $650M Geller Private Wealth from Ameriprise in Long Island. The team, which is led by Todd Geller and includes advisors Richard J. Rubin and Gerald Kirschner , reportedly produced $5.2M in revenue. Sanctuary Wealth recruited a $2B team from UBS , which will operate as 1280 Financial Partners . The team, located in Miami, Fort Myers, FL, Sandusky, OH, and Augusta, SC, is led by managing partners Tom Burt , Duane Ohly , Charlie Todd , and John McGee and includes senior portfolio managers Brett Kinzel , John Petracco , and Carol Powell , wealth advisor Richard Allen Flippo , and support staff. StoneBridge Advisors , an Osaic affiliate firm, recruited financial planner Ryan Grossman from VALIC Financial Advisors in Annapolis, MD, bringing $210M in assets. Grossman is joined by practice manager Susan Gallant and client service coordinator Michelle Kellner . Financial advisor Seth Diamond has jumped to Raymond James ’ independent employee advisor channel in Glastonbury, CT. The former Janney advisor managed approximately $150M in assets and was previously connected with Morgan Stanley and Wachovia Securities . Raymond James reportedly added Hudson, OH-based TPG Wealth Management , composed of former UBS advisors Paul Corbeil , James Yurak , and Gregory Box . The team managed $450M during their time at UBS and generated $3M in annual revenue. Veteran financial advisor Jesus Fomperosa and his team have reportedly left JPMorgan to launch an RIA. Fomperosa is based in Miami and served ultra-high-net-worth clients in Mexico during his time as managing director at JPMorgan. UBS Florida International added Ana Sofia Dominguez , Jorge Claypole , and Eduardo Carrera to the firm. The former Citi team will operate as Nexus Advisors , serving ultra-high-net-worth clients in the Southern region of Latin America and the US. Advisors Chad Tramp and Scott Hitchcock have reportedly departed Chicago-area RIA Choreo to establish XRSM Wealth Management under Mariner Independent – Mariner Wealth Advisors ' network. Tramp has been with Choreo since 2000 and Hitchcock since 2003. Mariner Wealth Advisors, pursuing an aggressive recruitment strategy under CEO Marty Bicknell , has reached 1,500 advisors and is aiming for 5,000 by 2027. The Austin and Smith Wealth Management Group , a Syracuse, NY-based advisory team, reportedly left UBS for RBC Wealth Management . Composed of veteran advisor Thomas Austin , Ryan Smith , and Elizabeth Moynihan , the team managed $500M in client assets. Financial advisors Lisa Fouraker and Steven Victor joined Raymond James ’ employee advisor channel, forming Victor-Fouraker Group of Raymond James in Devon, PA. The team, which includes Joshua Fouraker and Mary Kane , managed $165M during their time at Janney Montgomery Scott . Boston-based financial advisor Thomas Robinson recently joined Wells Fargo . Robinson was previously connected with UBS , where he reportedly managed $184M in client assets and produced $2.1M in annual revenue. Prior to his stint at UBS, Robinson was affiliated with Merrill Lynch . Rockefeller Capital Management recruited Zhang Wealth Partners into the Rockefeller Global Family Office . The team, composed of managing director Rachel Zhang and client service associate Peggy Simmons , operates in Newton, PA. Zhang and Simmons join the firm from Morgan Stanley . Great Diamond Partners , a Portland, ME-based wealth management firm, added Stephen Poulos as a senior financial advisor, bringing over $125M in potential assets under management from HeadInvest and expanding the firm's total AUM to approximately $765M. The firm also recruited portfolio manager Mark Doehla , formerly affiliated with H.M. Payson . GenTrust appointed Brian Goldman as managing director and senior client advisor for alternative investments, handling ultra-high-net-worth clients. Goldman is a wealth management veteran with more than three decades of experience who previously held leadership roles at Lanx Management and Schroders . &Partners added Jupiter, FL-based 26 East Private Wealth , led by former Wells Fargo advisors Doug Waters and Patrick Hoenes . The advisors are joined by relationship manager Julie Rapp in serving high-net-worth individuals and businesses, and the firm employs the custodial services of Fidelity. Ryan Clinton will join Hill Investment Group – an RIA in the evidence-based-investing space – and its sister firm, Longview Research Partners , as a portfolio manager, effective June 2. Clinton brings nearly six years of experience from Dimensional Fund Advisors , where he managed flagship core ETFs. Veteran investment manager Cesar Labarthe joined ACP Group 's ACP Capital Management as managing director in Miami. He was previously connected with the Inteligo Group in Peru, where he reportedly managed $2B in client assets. Prior to Inteligo, Labarthe was an investment manager for BBVA Asset Management . Former $185M Morgan Stanley advisor Jason Hancock has joined the independent advisor channel of Raymond James . Hancock joins the established team at Voyager Wealth Advisors in Salt Lake City, UT, led by Chris Williams . He brings eight years of wealth management experience, having also previously worked at E*Trade Securities , Goldman Sachs , and Ameritrade . Cameron Rogers , formerly of Ellevest , joined $2.4B Angeles Wealth Management in New York as partner. She reportedly managed $240M in client assets during her time at Ellevest. Before her stint at Ellevest, she was affiliated with JPMorgan . Financial advisors Brandon Hayes , Eric Pucciarelli , and Cristina Briboneria, have moved within the Kestra Financial platform to launch ClariVise Private Wealth in Alpharetta, GA, through Bluespring Wealth Partners . The advisors were formerly connected with Kestra-affiliated oXYGen Financial . Stifel Financial recruited the Abbracciamento Strandskov Wealth Management Group from Merrill Lynch . The team, managing $540M in client assets and led by John Abbracciamento and Brian Strandskov , moved to Stifel's Yardley, PA, branch along with Gregory Abbracciamento and client associates Michael Peczinka and Matthew Ryan . \\ Porte Brown Wealth Management added former Avantax advisor Elvis Medica . Medica brings nearly 30 years of financial services experience and will specialize in retirement planning, investment strategy, and risk management. Joseph “Joe” Nacca joined Rockefeller Global Family Office , launching Nacca Wealth Partners with client associate Traci Passamonte in Rochester, NY. Nacca has spent the last two decades at Sage, Rutty, & Co. , where he reportedly managed around $300M of client assets. Three advisory teams, collectively managing $1.4B in client assets, reportedly left UBS . San Diego-based Excel Wealth Management , led by Juleane Spittler and Christopher Jette with $533M in assets, joined Wells Fargo ; $530M S abota Wealth Management Group joined Stifel in Tyler, TX; and David Potischman , leading a $385M New Jersey team, joined Morgan Stanley . Twenty Four Wealth , an affiliate of Stratos Wealth Partners , recruited Chiraag Kirpalani to its network of private wealth advisors in Darien, CT. Kirpalani reportedly managed $300M during his time at NorthCoast Asset Management in Greenwich, CT. Arbor Financial Services recruited Michael Knight to its Fort Lauderdale location. Knight’s recruitment is the first of five planned locations on Florida’s East Coast. He is formerly connected with Advisors Capital Management , where he worked with a team that managed a $600M book of high-net-worth clients. Integrated Partners added Corey Wealth Management as its new affiliate, bringing $370M in client assets to the Boston-based firm. Corey Wealth is led by Jeff Corey , who was previously at Claro Advisors . Ashton Thomas Private Wealth , an Arax Investment Partners firm, expanded its West Coast presence by adding ultra-high-net-worth advisors Lance Millar and Stewart Preziose in San Francisco. Formerly affiliated with SVB Private , Millar and Preziose join as the Speritas Private Wealth Team , bringing a combined $900M in assets under management. LPL Financial recruited Colin Beamish to its employee advisor channel, launching Beamish Wealth Management of LPL Financial . Beamish was formerly affiliated with RBC subsidiary City National Securities , where he managed $445M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. Raymond James Financial Services recruited financial advisor Debi Gregory to its independent channel. Gregory, joined by client service associates Wendi Bertram and Katie Irwin , operates DG Financial in Puyallup, WA. Previously managing approximately $100M in client assets at Edward Jones , Gregory specializes in retirement, long-term care cost management, and asset preservation. Beacon Pointe Advisors added advisor and retirement plan specialist Greg Mykytyn , who comes from Commerce Street Holdings , where he managed $700M in retirement plan assets. Michaud Capital Management (MCM) appointed André Mehta as senior managing director in Boston. Mehta, an investment and family office executive with over 25 years of experience, including leadership roles at Confidential Private Trust Company , Cambridge Associates , and the Yale Investments Office , will spearhead MCM's client success initiatives, drive business development, and shape investment strategies. LPL Financial recruited Mai Park to its employee advisor channel Linsco . Park was previously with Merrill Lynch , where she managed $330M in advisory, brokerage, and retirement plan assets. At LPL, Park will align with Pence Wealth Management to launch Mai Park Capital . Omaha, NE-based Carson Group fully acquired partner firm SRQ Wealth in Sarasota, FL, adding $365M in client assets. The firm became a Carson partner in 2019 and is led by managing partners Steve Martin , Karin Grablin , and Justin Salemy . SRQ Wealth will continue to operate under the name post-acquisition and becomes the 25th wholly-owned Carson office. Raymond James recruited financial advisors Christopher Guandolo , Marc Allen Brown , and Maria Corradi to its independent advisor channel. The team, which managed $205M at Janney, will operate as Waymaker Wealth Management in Beaver, PA, and Boca Raton, FL. Raymond James added financial advisors Michael Forbes and Colin Forbes to its independent advisor channel. They come from D.A. Davidson , where they managed $200M in assets. The team will be operating as Forbes Private Wealth in Draper, UT. Cerity Partners recruited Chad Wing and Dustin Brutton as partners in Scottsdale, AZ. Wing and Brutton lead a four-person team in their move from Canopy Wealth Management Arizona , where they primarily served high-net-worth clients. RBC Wealth Management reportedly recruited a team managing $1.6B in client assets from UBS Wealth Management in Boise, ID. The team is led by industry veterans Sandra Dalton , William Bahney , and Michael Treinen , along with Benjamin Dalton and support staff. Four California advisors reportedly recently left UBS , with Beverly Hills-based Mark Grueninger – who produced $4M in revenue – going to RBC ; siblings Brian and Sanae Garcia – who managed around $300M – joining Raymond James in Pasadena as the Garcia Wealth Management Group ; and Johnathan Israel also joining Raymond James in Woodland Hills. Other Peoples Moves Veris Wealth Partners CEO Stephanie Cohn Rupp has stepped down from the role but will remain as an active member of the board. She will also continue to be the chair of US SIF: The Sustainable Investment Forum . Overseeing the firm's operations after her retirement are chief operating officer Sheryl Kucer , investment officer Roraj Pradhananga , and advisory officer Jane Swan . Investment veteran Josean Fernandez joined Parnassus Investments as managing director, head of intermediary distribution. Fernandez will be responsible for leading the firm's distribution strategy for financial advisors and overseeing the growth of the retail intermediary sales team. Binah Capital Group appointed Ryan Marcus as its chief business development and engagement officer. Marcus will work with broker-dealers that belong to the Binah Capital network including PKS Investments and Cabot Lodge Securities . $2.5B Crewe Advisors appointed Seth Merrill , former co-director of portfolio strategy at Ensign Peak Advisors , as CIO and partner, and named founding partner Dustin Thackeray as head of portfolio management. Argent Financial Group hired George McCurdy as senior portfolio manager in its Birmingham office. With over 20 years of experience from Regions Investment Management , McCurdy will focus on investment strategy and planning for individuals, family offices, institutions, and nonprofits, reporting to market president Collins Compere . Lazard veteran Jennifer Abate joined Blackstone as senior managing director and head of its RIA unit, the latest move in the alternative asset management giant’s private wealth push. Bellevue-based Parcion Private Wealth , with over $2.7B in client assets, appointed Dan McCollum as CIO and Sam King as COO and chief compliance officer to bolster its leadership team. Founded in 2019, Parcion focuses on middle-market business owners, aiming for growth while maintaining client focus with these strategic hires. $4B Nordwand Capital , a multifamily office based in Radnor, PA, appointed Patrick McGinnis as managing director, bolstering the firm’s investment and estate planning capabilities. McGinnis joined from Fiduciary Trust , where he managed $300M in assets. Focus Financial Partners appointed Zinovy Iosovich to the newly created position of Chief Growth Officer of its Focus Partners division. He will initially focus on Focus Partners Wealth before expanding to other firms within the division, collaborating with newly appointed COO Justin Ferri . Iosovich previously served as Co-President at Focus Partners Wealth. Cetera Financial Group appointed John Lefferts , former national head of business development at Equitable Advisors , as head of Cetera Investors . He will lead the supported independence model, overseeing more than 40 branch offices nationwide, to drive growth and enhance advisor support. $26B RIA Allworth Financial has reportedly hired Sara Baker as its new executive vice president of mergers and acquisitions to lead its dealmaking efforts. Baker brings extensive M&A experience from firms like Triad Wealth Partners and Edelman Financial Engines . The hire follows the firm’s Sheaff Brock purchase last month. Unity Hunt , the Dallas-based family office of Lamar Hunt , appointed Andrew Fisher as president. Fisher was previously senior director of family enterprise development and investment advisory for the Chik-fil-A founders' Cathy Family Office . Julian Lopez is returning to Charles Schwab as managing director of relationship management for Schwab Advisor Service after a two-year stint at LPL . Lopez, who will focus on serving Schwab's largest and most complex independent advisors in this newly created role, was previously at Schwab for over 20 years. Former JPMorgan Private Bank head of market strategy and trading Russell Budnick will join Citi Wealth as capital markets head, effective in August. Budnick has two decades of capital markets experience serving ultra-high-net-worth clients. Los Angeles-based multi-family office and investment management firm Curated Wealth Partners appointed Nellie Keyhani as director of client advisory. Keyhani brings nearly 20 years of experience from ICONIQ Capital and Whittier Trust , including work with ultra-high-net-worth clients. Bernstein Private Wealth Management named Ashley Velategui head of its Wealth Strategies Group , effective May 9, succeeding Tara Popernik . Based in Seattle, she will lead the national team advising high and ultra-high-net-worth clients and report to Alex Chaloff , head of investments and wealth strategies. Houston-based Financial Synergies Wealth Advisors , with $16B in client assets, completed its succession plan, naming eight new partners and remaining 100% employee-owned. As part of the leadership expansion, Marie Villard was named Chief Operating Officer. Founder Mike Booker remains with the firm as a senior financial advisor and mentor. Matthew Mantle joined Foundation Wealth Partners in Calgary as portfolio manager and financial planner, bolstering the firm's Western Canada presence. Mantle was most recently a portfolio manager at Harness Investment Management , and he was previously with RBC Dominion Securities as an associate wealth advisor. Emigrant Bank , parent of Emigrant Partners , hired former Cresset Capital executive Mark Rogozinski to head family office services, aiming to enhance offerings for its RIA partners. He was previously executive managing director for Cresset's strategic initiatives and had also served as President of Cresset Family Office . David Larado , former managing director head of advisor recruiting and retention at UBS , has reportedly joined Indianapolis-based RIA Sapient Capital as head of recruitment. He first joined UBS in 2008 as an analyst for the firm’s graduate training program and landed a leadership role for advisor recruitment in 2020. Summit Trail Advisors named Jeff Ringdahl partner, president, and chief operations officer. Ringdahl was previously CEO at Resolute Investment Managers , leaving in 2024 when the company was sold. Simon Quick Advisors expanded into Texas, establishing a Dallas office led by managing Directors Shei Unger , Nate Ohlinger , and Ryan Moffett , who all join from Northern Trust . Caprock , a $13B multi-family office serving ultra-high-net-worth clients, appointed Frank Giuliano as head of corporate development. Giuliano will spearhead strategic inorganic growth through M&A and advisor recruitment. He worked in corporate development at LPL prior to this move. His recruitment follows the firm's first acquisition in 2024 of Grey Street Capital . David Ciolfi joined Eastern Bank 's Cambridge Trust Private Banking division as senior vice president and team lead for business development. He brings over two decades of experience from Citizens Private Wealth and Wells Fargo Private Bank , specializing in private banking and wealth management for high-net-worth clients across the Northeast. Prosperity Capital Advisors appointed Stan Milovancev as co-CEO and Scott Rister as co-president and chief financial officer. Milovancev previously served as president of The Dash Group and of CBIZ Investment Advisory Services , while Rister is the founder of RF Advisory Group and co-founder of Transcend Partner Group. Merchant Investment Management -backed Concurrent Investment Advisors hired David Patchen as executive-in-residence to develop customized consulting programs for advisors. Patchen was previously an SVP at Raymond James , overseeing practice management and new advisor training. Aspiriant Wealth Management , a Los Angeles-based firm overseeing $15B in client assets, added six new partners, bringing the total number of employee-owners to one-third of its 230-person team. The new partners, who will be based in the firm’s Los Angeles and New York offices, are Chris Kazmer , Mike King , Mike Lavalle , Rachel Lee , Daniel Moas , and Lina Sanchez , all holding leadership roles across wealth management, strategic planning, and legal. LinePoint Partners , an affiliation platform for ultra-high-net-worth advisors and single family office executives that launched in March, made three additions to its leadership team. Joining the executive committee are Cooper Rey , formerly of Goldman Sachs and now with Monroe Capital , as Chairman, and Anton Marinchik , also from Monroe Capital and previously Goldman Sachs, as an independent advisor. The firm also appointed Lauren Colonna as chief marketing officer. PNC Asset Management Group (AMG) appointed Yung-Yu Ma chief investment strategist. With over two decades of experience, including nearly a decade as CIO at BMO Wealth Management , Ma will lead AMG's efforts in developing investment solutions for individual and institutional clients, operating at the firm’s Philadelphia office and reporting to chief investment officer Amanada Agati . Tara Thompson Popernik joined LPL Financial as executive vice president and head of wealth planning in Fort Mill, SC. She was most recently an SVP and head of wealth strategies at Bernstein Private Wealth Management . In addition, LPL recruited Monte Tomasino from Dell as executive vice president of service digital enablement. The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America restructured its Individual Markets business into two units: Financial Protection & Retirement Solutions and the Client Solutions & Wealth Management . Along with this restructuring, the company made several leadership changes, including appointing Mike Perry to lead the Client Solutions & Wealth Management unit, where he will oversee Park Avenue Securities , Guardian's Guardian's broker-dealer and corporate RIA. Citigroup reportedly appointed Ronald “Ron” Meraz as regional director for California and Nevada, overseeing over 275 wealth branches. Meraz formerly served as the managing director and market executive for Palo Alto, CA, at Merrill Lynch . He was previously affiliated with UBS as the market executive for Orange County . Gateway Financial Partners appointed Mike Kitzman as chief engagement officer, reporting to chief growth officer Bailey Sutherland . In this newly established role, Kitzman will focus on strengthening connections and enhancing engagement among financial advisors, strategic partners, vendors, and community stakeholders. Cetera Financial Group appointed former Juniper Square customer officer Andina Anderson as its new managing director of digital solutions and head of RIA Blueprint, overseeing the firm’s goal for advisory growth. Focus Financial president for international operations Molly Bennard has reportedly left the firm, following reports that the company was planning to sell some of its international businesses. Bennard joined Focus in 2015 as vice president and became managing director in 2019. From 2022 to 2024 she held the chief executive officer position for Focus' Connectus Wealth Advisers . Third Lake Capital , the family office of Ashley Furniture founder Ronald Wanek , appointed Dhvani Shah as president and chief investment officer. Shah was previously an investment officer for JM Family Enterprises in Deerfield Beach, FL, and IMRF in Oak Brook, IL. She also served as managing director of private equity for New York State Teachers’ Retirement System . BBVA Global Wealth Advisors (GWA) , the US subsidiary of BBVA , has reportedly appointed Humberto Garcia de Alba as CEO in Miami. A 23-year BBVA veteran, most recently head of global wealth in Madrid, he will lead BBVA GWA's investment advisory services for Latin American clients. For more information on Financial Advisor moves, book a demo of Dakota today!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_101_investment-rfps-announced-in-july-2024

{'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in July 2024', 'introduction': "As we move through the investment landscape, July brought a series of significant RFPs across various asset classes. From private equity and credit to emerging market equities and fixed income, institutional investors sought new opportunities and partnerships to meet their long-term goals. This month, we'll delve into a range of RFPs, including a $15 million Private Equity Fund of Funds search by the City of Marlborough Contributory Retirement System and a $1 billion large-cap equity mandate from the New Mexico State Investment Council. We'll also explore other notable RFPs, such as the Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund's $550 million private credit search and Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System’s $1.2 billion active U.S. core fixed income mandate. Let's break down the key details and deadlines for each opportunity. Whether you are an investor, consultant, or financial services provider, these opportunities present a chance to explore and potentially capitalize on new investment avenues. Dive into the details, adhere to the deadlines, and position yourself strategically in the competitive market. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of RFPs that were issued in the month of July from various sectors including Private Equity, Hedge Funds, Fixed Income, Emerging Markets, Fixed Income, and more. To learn more information and subscribe to our Searches, click here! Private Equity City of Marlborough Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $15,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: July 22, 2024 Private Credit Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund Asset Class: Private Credit Amount: $550,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 2, 2024 Real Estate New Bedford Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: Core-Open End Amount: $35,000,000 Consultant: Segal Marco Deadline: August 13, 2024 Somerville Retirement System Asset Class: Core/Core Plus Amount: $25,000,000 Deadline: September 4, 2024 Hedge Funds City of St. Louis Employees Retirement System Asset Class: Volatility Risk Premium Strategy Amount: $25,000,000 Consultant: Marquette Deadline: August 23, 2024 International Equities Boston Retirement System Asset Class: Small Cap Amount: $140,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: August 6, 2024 New Mexico State Investment Council Asset Class: Large Cap Core, Large Cap Growth, Large Cap Value, SMID Cap Core, SMID Cap Growth, Smid Cap Value Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: August 5, 2024 Emerging Market Equities Los Angeles Water & Power Employees' Retirement Plan Asset Class: Emerging Market Equities Amount: $478,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: August 7, 2024 Illinois Firefighters' Pension Investment Fund Asset Class: Emerging Market Small Cap Amount: $176,000,000 Consultant: Marquette Deadline: August 2, 2024 US Fixed Income Massachusetts Water Resources Authority Retirement System Asset Class: Passive Core Bond Index Amount: $30,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: August 9, 2024 Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System Asset Class: Active U.S. Core Fixed Income Amount: $1,200,000,000 Consultant: Callan Deadline: August 5, 2024 Global Fixed Income Indiana Public Retirement System Asset Class: Passive Global Inflation-Linked Bond Amount: $850,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 2, 2024 To learn more about Dakota Marketplace, start a free trial today!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in July 2024', 'content': "As we move through the investment landscape, July brought a series of significant RFPs across various asset classes. From private equity and credit to emerging market equities and fixed income, institutional investors sought new opportunities and partnerships to meet their long-term goals. This month, we'll delve into a range of RFPs, including a $15 million Private Equity Fund of Funds search by the City of Marlborough Contributory Retirement System and a $1 billion large-cap equity mandate from the New Mexico State Investment Council. We'll also explore other notable RFPs, such as the Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund's $550 million private credit search and Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System’s $1.2 billion active U.S. core fixed income mandate. Let's break down the key details and deadlines for each opportunity. Whether you are an investor, consultant, or financial services provider, these opportunities present a chance to explore and potentially capitalize on new investment avenues. Dive into the details, adhere to the deadlines, and position yourself strategically in the competitive market. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of RFPs that were issued in the month of July from various sectors including Private Equity, Hedge Funds, Fixed Income, Emerging Markets, Fixed Income, and more. To learn more information and subscribe to our Searches, click here! Private Equity City of Marlborough Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $15,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: July 22, 2024 Private Credit Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund Asset Class: Private Credit Amount: $550,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 2, 2024 Real Estate New Bedford Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: Core-Open End Amount: $35,000,000 Consultant: Segal Marco Deadline: August 13, 2024 Somerville Retirement System Asset Class: Core/Core Plus Amount: $25,000,000 Deadline: September 4, 2024 Hedge Funds City of St. Louis Employees Retirement System Asset Class: Volatility Risk Premium Strategy Amount: $25,000,000 Consultant: Marquette Deadline: August 23, 2024 International Equities Boston Retirement System Asset Class: Small Cap Amount: $140,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: August 6, 2024 New Mexico State Investment Council Asset Class: Large Cap Core, Large Cap Growth, Large Cap Value, SMID Cap Core, SMID Cap Growth, Smid Cap Value Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: August 5, 2024 Emerging Market Equities Los Angeles Water & Power Employees' Retirement Plan Asset Class: Emerging Market Equities Amount: $478,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: August 7, 2024 Illinois Firefighters' Pension Investment Fund Asset Class: Emerging Market Small Cap Amount: $176,000,000 Consultant: Marquette Deadline: August 2, 2024 US Fixed Income Massachusetts Water Resources Authority Retirement System Asset Class: Passive Core Bond Index Amount: $30,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: August 9, 2024 Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System Asset Class: Active U.S. Core Fixed Income Amount: $1,200,000,000 Consultant: Callan Deadline: August 5, 2024 Global Fixed Income Indiana Public Retirement System Asset Class: Passive Global Inflation-Linked Bond Amount: $850,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 2, 2024 To learn more about Dakota Marketplace, start a free trial today!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_157_march-2024-financial-advisor-and-ria-moves-and-acq

{'title': 'March 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'introduction': 'In March, Dakota tracked significant activity in the financial advisor and RIA sectors, noting a trend towards the growth of independent channels and RIAs. The data highlighted a move away from traditional wirehouse channels, with a notable increase in the number of advisors joining independent firms and RIAs. Platforms such as LPL and Raymond James are becoming more appealing due to their ability to offer advisors greater flexibility and a wider selection of product options. One of the larger acquisitions this month; Focus Financial Partners, has announced a merger between two of its partner firms, GW & Wade and The Colony Group. GW & Wade, which managed about $10.4 billion in assets as of December 2023, became part of Focus in 2007. The firm is led by principals Roger Wade and Tim Pinch and will continue to operate under the name GW & Wade at The Colony Group after the merger. This merger represents Focus Financial Partners\' second intra-partnership merger under its new hub strategy. The financial details of the transaction, slated to close in the first quarter of 2024, were not disclosed. The combination of these firms underlines Focus Financial Partners\' strategy to consolidate its network of partner firms for enhanced operational efficiency and growth. One of the larger moves this month, UBS has rounded up a group of current advisors to form the Stone Harbor Group, based in Hartford, Connecticut. The team manages approximately $1.3 billion and consists of Richard Cyphers, Gerald Dubey, Douglas Domian, Scott Mintz, David Sacharko, and Sean Siana, who combine for over 150 years of industry experience. Richard Cyphers, a veteran in the industry since 1977, joined UBS in 2009 from Citigroup, where he specialized as a senior advisor in the Citi Family office. Gerald Dubey, with industry experience dating back to 1971, also transitioned from Citi\'s family office to UBS in 2009. Sean Siana made the move to UBS from Merrill Lynch in 2012, followed by Douglas Domian in 2013, and David Sacharko joined from Merrill Lynch more recently. Scott Mintz has been with UBS since the start of his career in 2004. Independents: Commonwealth Financial Network has successfully welcomed an advisor team from Lincoln Investment, bringing in approximately $384 million in assets. The team, based in Harleysville, Pennsylvania, operates under the name Tupelo Wealth Partners and consists of advisors Les Benzak, John Gallagher, and Lynn Craig. Tupelo Wealth Partners is known for offering a broad range of wealth management consulting services, with a specialized focus on Pennsylvania’s pension plan. Benzak accredited the technology, culture and leadership as reasons for the transition. By joining Commonwealth, Benzak believes the practice will be able to save time and focus more on its goal of tripling assets under management through both organic and inorganic growth strategies. Benzak has been in the financial industry since 2001, starting his career with Lincoln Investment and has also been associated with Capital Analysts. Gallagher entered the industry in 1993 with CitiStreet Equities and has a history with several other firms including Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., MetLife Securities, and Lincoln Investment. Craig\'s industry experience dates back to 1984, starting with First Investors Corp, and includes associations with multiple organizations such as The Great-West Life Assurance Co., Butcher & Singer, and CitiStreet Equities. All three advisors hold CFP designations. Raymond James has recruited an advisor team from UBS. The team, Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors, led by James "Buck" Williams. Coastal Oak is based in Jacksonville, Florida and manages over $235 million in client assets. He is supported by his seven-person advisory team. The team at Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors specializes in managing generational wealth, investment strategy, risk management, and legacy planning. Williams has a decade-long history in the financial industry, having started his career at Fidelity Brokerage Services in 2011. Throughout his career, he has been associated with several prominent firms, including Strategic Advisers, Merrill Lynch, and UBS. Buck is actively involved with the Jacksonville Public Education Fund currently serving as Vice Chair on the Board of Directors. He also holds CFP and CEPA designations. The move to Raymond James represents a strategic shift for Williams and Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors, aiming to leverage Raymond James\' extensive resources and expertise. A group of advisors, including Jake Bryant, have left Ameriprise Financial Services to start their own independent firm, Adapt Wealth Advisors. The new firm aims to serve high net worth individuals, family offices, estates, and retirement plans with financial planning and investment management. Adapt is headquartered in Atlanta and manages approximately $1.1 billion in assets. Jake Bryant is the owner and chief executive of Adapt Wealth. Bryant has been associated with Ameriprise since 1998, maintaining dual registration for much of his tenure until his recent departure. Bryant has furthered his knowledge in the industry by obtaining ChFC, AIF, CRPC, APMA, and CEPA designations along with five FINRA certifications. Alongside him, former Ameriprise advisors, including Donnie Robinson, Tim Hodell, Scott Herndon, Jonathon McAdow, Tyler Robinson, and Kathy Hodell, have joined Adapt Wealth. Osaic has acquired Cornerstone Advisors, an advisory practice with approximately $360 million in client assets. The team was previously managed under Cetera Financial Group. The practice is based in Baxter, Minnesota, with additional branches in Perham, Minnesota, and Bismarck, North Dakota. Cornerstone is led by James Benson, who specializes in providing financial planning and portfolio management services primarily to pre-retirees and mass-affluent retirees. Benson has been a part of the financial industry since 1996. He was associated with Cetera from 2016 until his departure in February. Benson also holds a CRPC designation. The partnership with Osaic is expected to provide Cornerstone Advisors with enhanced flexibility and resources, which will improve and facilitate their business growth. Osaic has attracted a four-member advisory team from LPL Financial, which previously managed $240 million in assets. Through the transition, Carolina-based Sturkie Wealth Management has been launched. The firm specializes in investment management and strategic wealth planning for retirees, pre-retirees, small business owners, and professionals. The Sturkie Wealth Management team is led by founder Stephen Sturkie and Wealth Advisor Joe Dunat. Stephen Sturkie, with over 26 years of experience in the investment industry, began his career at First Union Brokerage services in 1996 and has since worked with notable firms like Edward Jones and BB&T Investment Services. He had been associated with LPL for nearly 12 years before joining Osaic. He currently holds his Series, 7, 63 and 66 registrations through Osaic Wealth. LPL Financial has acquired advisors Brice Lowe and Bradley Moser from Stifel Financial, who manage approximately $150 million in assets. The duo will operate under the name Aero Capital and align with the Mariner Advisor Network, which provides support for advisors on LPL\'s platform. Based in Wichita, Kansas, Aero Capital offers a wide range of wealth management services. Their offerings include wealth planning, asset management, tax-advantaged investment strategies, and estate planning review services. Additionally, they specialize in providing charitable giving strategies to their clientele, which consists of affluent families, business owners, and private family foundations. This new partnership highlights LPL\'s ongoing efforts to enhance its platform and service offerings by incorporating experienced advisors and their teams. Prior to launching Aero Capital with his stepson, Brice Lowe, Brad Moser spent more than 35 years in the financial services industry, having started in 1986 with Merrill Lynch. Moser spent a substantial duration with Stfiel from 1998 until transitioning to LPL. Brice Lowe began his career in the financial industry in 2009, starting with Stifel. He has also obtained CFP and CPWA designations. Raymond James has recruited experienced financial advisor Andrew Spearman from SageView Advisory Group. Spearman has joined the employee advisor channel based in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Andrew has over 25 years of experience in the financial services industry. At SageView, he managed approximately $100 million, focusing on clients such as business owners, health care professionals, and individuals nearing or in retirement. Spearman\'s career in financial services began with an internship at Smith Barney, where he later worked for 18 years as an investment analyst. His professional journey also includes roles as a financial advisor at Wells Fargo and First Allied Securities. Spearman made the move to Raymond James in November. Vanessa Martinez, a former financial advisor at Hightower Advisors, has launched a new registered investment advisor firm, Expressive Wealth, based in Chicago. Expressive Wealth currently manages approximately $200 million in assets. The firm aims to serve a diverse clientele including individuals, families, businesses, and inheritors. Martinez anticipates the firm\'s assets under management to reach around $500 million by the end of 2024. Vanessa Martinez leads as managing partner and CEO. The idea for creating her own RIA emerged from interactions with her clientele at her previous firm, The Lerner Group at Hightower, where she recognized a demand for more comprehensive financial assistance. Her industry experience dates back to 2008 when she registered as a broker with Chase Investment Services. She also has a background in promoting financial wellness among female leaders through her consulting firm Em-Powered Network. Expressive Wealth is co-owned by Lauren Genuardi, who also acts as the managing partner and chief compliance officer. The team also includes Darlene Duncan, a partner and wealth advisor with extensive experience in the financial industry since 1981. Laura Blanton, formerly of Wells Fargo, has joined Raymond James & Associates. She will operate as Blanton Wealth Management and will be based in Greenville, South Carolina. At Wells Fargo, she managed approximately $252 million in assets.Blanton’s financial career began in 2002 with A.G. Edwards, which was later acquired by Wells Fargo, where she has been a financial advisor since 2014. Through Raymond James, Blanton aims to provide sophisticated financial products and resources while prioritizing her clients\' best interests. Blanton\'s team at Raymond James includes Client Service Associate Bethany Hermelin. Savvy Advisors recently expanded its network by welcoming three new advisors: Aaron Wiegman, Dustin Parsons, and Arynton Hardy. Wiegman and Parsons join from Financial Sense Wealth Management and Arvest Wealth Management. Respectively, while Hardy, the CEO of Hardy Capital Investments, will maintain his brand within the Savvy network. Wiegman began his career in 2000 with Liss Financial Services and brings extensive experience from various financial institutions before joining Savvy in January of this year. Hardy entered the financial industry in 2015 with Merrill Lynch before establishing Hardy Capital in 2019; he joined Savvy in February. Parsons, who began his career in 2017 at Arvest Wealth, registered with Savvy in December 2023. With these additions, Savvy\'s advisor network has grown to include 15 wealth managers. Savvy has also added Fidelity Investments as a custodian. Ashton Thomas Private Wealth, associated with Arax Investment Partners, has expanded its network by welcoming a team from Raymond James\' Alex.Brown division. The McDonagh Bauers Private Wealth Team, led by Ted McDonagh and Daniel Bauers, is located in New York and oversees approximately $500 million in assets. Ted McDonagh began his career in the financial industry in 1997 at Prudential Securities and had a stint with Lehman Brothers before joining Alex.Brown in 2008. Daniel Bauers started in 2008 with Lehman Brothers before joining Alex.Brown. Both had previous experience at Deutsche Bank Securities before joining Raymond James in 2016. The team is also supported by senior registered associate Justine Kinaj. Brian Pflaum, a financial advisor in Alabama, has shifted his business to LPL Financial after learning that his previous firm, Lincoln Financial Advisors, would be acquired by Osaic. Pflaum, who has been with Lincoln Financial Advisors since 1998, specializes in offering planning and wealth management services. He manages approximately $345 million in assets. Through the transaction, Pflaum has rebranded his practice as TPG Private Wealth. Osaic has added a four-advisor group known as Latitude Wealth Advisors, which oversees approximately $210 million in assets. This team is based in Hauppauge, New York, and consists of advisors Robert Martino, Jason Harris, Anthony Martino, and Mark Harris, who all bring extensive experience to Osaic.Previously affiliated with Ameriprise Financial, they have now joined Osaic\'s Affiliated Advisors. Latitude Wealth Advisors specializes in comprehensive goal-based financial planning for individuals, families, and businesses. Robert Martino, who started his career at Ameriprise\'s predecessor firm IDS Life Insurance Co. in 2003, has been with Ameriprise throughout his career. His brother, Anthony Martino, also spent his entire career at Ameriprise, starting in 2015. Jason Harris began his career in 2002 at Bank of New York and held various non-advisory roles at major financial institutions before registering as an advisor in 2014. He joined Ameriprise in 2016. Mark Harris, the father of Jason Harris, started his advisory career in 1999 at David Lerner Associates and has since worked with several firms before moving to Ameriprise in 2016. A significant family advisor team from UBS has transitioned to Baird\'s Private Wealth Management unit, overseeing around $680 million in client assets. This team is part of The Palm Financial Group, based in Madison, Wisconsin, featuring advisors Michael Palm, Matthew Palm, and Nicholas Palm. The advisors bring extensive expertise from UBS. Michael Palm brings the most experience with 36 years in the financial industry, predominantly spent at UBS since 1990, after a brief period at Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Michael also holds CFP and CIMA designations. His sons, Matthew and Nicholas Palm, contribute 11 and 8 years of experience respectively, with Matthew having a previous stint at Baird before joining UBS in 2014, and Nicholas starting his career at UBS in 2016. Matthew holds a CFP designation, while Nicholas holds a CPA designation. This addition is Baird’s second of  2024 and indicates an expansion phase for the firm. LPL Financial has added seven advisors from Osaic, bringing with them a total of $700 million in assets. The advisors, including Michael Matheson, Susan Anderson, Marie Henrichs, Amy Holewa, Jeff Schuler, Paul Lyon, and Dan Pias, were all previously associated with Financial Dimensions Group, an Osaic firm. These advisors are based in Maple Grove, Minnesota, where they operate distinct practices such as M2 Financial Group, Holewa Financial, and Schuler Financial Advisor Group but often collaborate on business strategies and service models. Veterans in the financial industry, Matheson, Schuler, Pias, and Lyon, have been active since the late \'80s and early \'90s, initially registering with Ameriprise Financial and its predecessors. They joined Osaic in 2005 after starting their careers with companies like IDS Life Insurance Co. and American Express Financial Advisors. Amy Holewa entered the finance sector in 1996 with IDS Life Insurance and has worked with various firms including Ameriprise and ING Financial Partners before moving to Osaic. Marie Henrichs began her career in 2006 with Royal Alliance Associates, a precursor to Osaic, and has also been associated with SagePoint Financial. Susan Anderson started in the financial industry in 2009 directly with Osaic. Tampa-based Concurrent Investment Advisors has three new advisors in January: Ramin Abrams, Glenn Holmes, and Sean O’Neill, who collectively bring $365 million in client assets. Glenn Holmes and Sean O’Neill were previously associated with Raymond James, while Ramin Abrams was with Wells Fargo before joining Concurrent. As part of their move, Abrams and Holmes are establishing new offices for Concurrent. Ramin Abrams is opening a new location in New York City under the Concurrent Advisors brand. Glenn Holmes is launching T7 Legacy in Jacksonville, Florida, aiming to serve corporate executives and business owners in the Southeast region. Sean O’Neill, on the other hand, is joining Legacy Wealth Partners, an existing partner of Concurrent based in Denver. Sheila Ryan has been promoted to the role of president of Colony Wealth Management, one of Focus Financial Partners\' largest affiliates, The Colony Group. In her new position, Ryan will oversee the daily operations of the Boston-based RIA\'s approximately 150 advisors, a number expected to increase to around 175. Ryan officially assumed her new role on January 1, 2024, and is gradually transitioning into the position as Stephen Sadler, Colony\'s co-founder and managing director, shifts towards retirement. Ryan has approximately 15 years of experience in the wealth management industry and previously served as Colony’s managing director of wealth management strategy. Before her current role at The Colony Group, Ryan had worked as an equity research analyst, director of operations, and consultant at the firm, and also gained experience at Charles Schwab and Loring Ward. Carson Group has acquired a two-advisor team from Elk River Wealth Management, marking its second wealth deal in 2024. The team, composed of David Carroll and Jon Springer from Elkhorn, Nebraska, managed approximately $163 million in client assets at Elk River, which was established in 2020. Both have served over 20 years in the wealth management industry. While specific financial details were not disclosed, Carson Group will fully own Carroll and Springer’s practice through Carson Wealth. The duo is in close proximity to Carson\'s Omaha headquarters. LPL has added The McAnally Investment Group from Wells Fargo. They manage around $250 million and are based in Booneville, Mississippi. The team includes leader, J. Mark McAnally, his sons Josh and Brandon McAnally, and support staffer Carlin Crowe. Their shift to LPL\'s traditional independent channel marks their departure from nearly 25 years of working within wirehouse models. The decision to leave was partly due to frustrations with policies on smaller accounts at their former firm. J. Mark McAnally initiated his career at Edward Jones in 2000 and moved to Wells Fargo in 2011. While Josh and Brandon started their careers at Wells in 2016 and 2023, respectively. Brandon also holds a CPA designation. The team emphasizes their newfound ability to offer personalized service without the constraints of account minimums. The Li Group has transitioned from Morgan Stanley to Wells Fargo in Worcester, Massachusetts. They managed approximately $169 million in assets and generated $1.8 million in annual revenue while at Morgan Stanley. The team is led by David Z. Li, a veteran in the industry with 32 years of experience. Li\'s professional journey began in 1992 at John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co., and he has since worked with several financial institutions before his stint at Morgan Stanley starting in 2013. Accompanying Li in the move is junior partner Jason W. Camuti. Camuti started his brokerage career with Merrill Lynch in 2011 and moved to Morgan Stanley alongside Li in 2013. Simultaneously with this acquisition, Wells Fargo experienced the departure of a different financial advisor team to LPL. LPL Financial has welcomed the addition of Nolan Venable to its team. Operating out of Lafayette, Louisiana, Venable transitions to LPL with approximately $150 million in assets, previously managed under Osaic. As the founder and CEO of Wealth Advisors, LLC, Venable has built a financial services enterprise since 1984, dedicated to providing a broad range of financial products mainly to individuals in the southwestern Louisiana. In addition to leading Wealth Advisors, he manages a tax service and an insurance company, all housed under one roof. Bringing over three decades of expertise in the financial sector to his new role, Venable is recognized for his extensive experience and holds multiple professional licenses. His decision to join LPL Financial was influenced by the firm\'s proven stability in the market, its commitment to supporting advisors, and the comprehensive technological solutions it offers. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. (BBH) has expanded its wealth management operations in Houston, attracting two seasoned financial advisors, Matthew Summers and Matthew Moncrief, from Hightower Advisors. The duo, who have been partners for over a decade, join BBH as managing directors. Their primary role at BBH will involve catering to the financial needs of ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families. Summers and Moncrief also bring to the table their expertise in assisting business owners, as well as foundations and endowments. The pair made their move to Hightower Advisors in 2018, joining the firm through its acquisition of Salient Partners. Their addition to BBH is part of the firm\'s broader strategy to strengthen its wealth management presence in strategic locations like Houston. Their careers in the financial services sector commenced in 2008, marking the beginning of their extensive experience in the industry. Prior to joining the firm in 2024, Summers worked for Houlihan Lokey, Salient Partners, and Hightower Advisors. He has 18 years of investment experience. For Moncrief, he has worked for Amegy Bank Salient Partners and Hightower before joining BBH in 2024. Raymond James has recruited a team of financial advisors from UBS, who collectively managed over $300 million in assets. The advisors, based in Irvine, California, include Steven Hocking, Jennifer Hocking, and Ryan Mueller, and they will operate under Raymond James & Associates as THG Retirement Solutions of Raymond James. THG focuses on financial planning and wealth management for a diverse client base, including corporate retirement plans, business owners, and individuals nearing or in retirement. Steven Hocking began his journey in the financial securities industry in 2002, and he has extensive experience in the retirement planning space. His career includes a stint at UBS, where he specialized in corporate retirement plans. Jennifer Hocking\'s career in financial services began in 2002 at Toyota Financial Services, and she moved to UBS in 2015. Ryan Mueller\'s financial career started in the operations department of a boutique insurance brokerage before he transitioned to UBS as an advisor in 2018. Journey Strategic Wealth has acquired a father-daughter duo of financial advisors, Kerry Meath-Sinkin and Robert Meath, from Carson Wealth. The newly joined Meath Wealth Advisors will be establishing a Journey office in Minneapolis, marking the firm\'s initial push into the Midwest. Meath Wealth brings approximately $160 million in assets. Kerry Meath-Sinkin started her career in the financial services sector in 2016 working as a consultant for wealth management firms in Washington, D.C. She holds a CFP designation. Her father, Robert Meath, has been a seasoned professional in the industry since 1981, offering decades of experience. This acquisition represents the seventh advisory team to align with the firm. Journey already has a presence in several key locations across the United States, including the San Francisco Bay Area, Richmond, Seattle, Park City, and the New York City and Northern New Jersey areas. Rockefeller Capital Management has welcomed a group of advisors previously with J.P. Morgan Securities, originally from First Republic. The crew, known as Pollock Salah Wealth Partners, manages approximately $2.2 billion in assets and is based in both San Francisco and Walnut Creek, California. The team consists of advisors Gary Pollock, Craig Pollock, and Anis Salah, alongside support staff Annette Smith, Maryann Jensen, and Ethan Huang. Gary Pollock\'s career includes a lengthy tenure at First Republic since 2004 and a move to JPMorgan after it acquired First Republic\'s wealth unit. In addition to his time at First Republic, Pollock also founded and managed Bay Isle Financial in Oakland, California, and has an extensive background of approximately 20 years at Chevron Corp. Craig Pollock\'s experience is similar to Gary\'s in terms of his start at First Republic in 2004 and earlier career at Bay Isle Financial. Anis Salah brings a diverse background with roles at First Republic since 2009, contributing varied expertise to the Pollock Salah Wealth Partners team. Marvin Rauchbach and his daughter, Leigh Ritchey, have transitioned from Valic Financial Advisors to join Osaic. Operating as Kings Mill Wealth Advisors, they are now based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Baltimore, respectively. Together, they manage over $280 million in assets. Mr. Rauchbach and Ms. Ritchey serve a range of clients, advising them on retirement and estate planning, portfolio management and many others. Rauchbach\'s career in the financial services sector dates back to 1986, and he has been associated with Valic since 2000. Ritchey entered the financial industry in 2011 and joined Valic a year later. LPL has welcomed a sibling trio team from Merrill Lynch. Through the transition the advisors have launched new independent practice, Grafton Wealth Advisors, formerly known as Grafton Wealth Management at Merrill Lynch. The Florida-based team, managing approximately $580 million in assets, was originally established in 1972 by William Grafton III. Grafton III will continue his involvement as a managing partner and executive consultant, while his children, Sarah, William Grafton IV, and Dexter, will step into roles as managing partners and wealth advisors. The team emphasizes a client-centered approach, focusing on proactive strategies and personalized service to navigate market changes. William Grafton III joined Merrill Lynch in 2007, with a professional background at various other brokerage firms, including Wachovia and Prudential. His children joined the business after their graduations, with Sarah starting in 2007, William IV in 2008, and Dexter in 2013. William and Dexter also hold CFP, CEPA, CPFA and CFA designations, respectively. Raymond James has added Martin Lutschaunig, a former financial advisor at Janney Montgomery Scott. At Janney, he managed approximately $265 million in assets. Operating from Yardley, Pennsylvania, Lutschaunig leads Lutschaunig Wealth Management alongside Branch Manager Patricia Niles. Their client base pertains mostly to health care professionals, female investors, and retirees. With a career beginning in 1992 at Merrill Lynch, Lutschaunig brings extensive experience to his new role. He also spent the last 10 years of his career affiliated with Janney. Patricia Niles, joining him, started her career in 2000 with Tucker Anthony and has worked with several notable firms including RBC, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Janney. Both bring a wealth of industry knowledge and expertise to Raymond James. Nicholas and Heidi Irwin, a married couple and financial advisors based in Lockhart, Texas, have transitioned to Avantax. They will join the Alliance Wealth Strategies firm, an Avantax affiliate, aiming to leverage the firm’s tax-focused financial planning and wealth management expertise. Nicholas\'s career in the financial industry began in 2012 with Edward Jones, and he has also been associated with notable firms such as JPMorgan, Merrill Lynch, and SWBC Investment Advisory Services. He had two tenures with Edward Jones, first from 2012 to 2013 and then from 2020 until his recent move to Avantax. Heidi Irwin started her career in the financial sector in 2014 with Edward Jones, marking her entry into the industry. Acquisitions & RIAs: The AmeriFlex Group, an Osaic-affiliated hybrid RIA firm based in Las Vegas, has acquired Colorado-based ERSI Wealth Management. The team manages approximately $400 million in assets and consists of Stephen Brubaker, Jim Brubaker, Brian Brubaker, Gary Sidder, and Jenny Kast, serving individuals, families, and business owners. ERSI traces its roots back to the 1980s when Jim Brubaker founded several companies specializing in executive benefits and business owner exit strategies. Over time, these businesses evolved into Exit and Retirement Strategies, Inc., which later became known by the acronym ERSI. Stephen Brubake initiated his career in the financial services industry in 2008 with NFP Advisor Services and moved to Kestra in 2007. He also holds CFP, AIF, and CLU designations. Jim Brubaker has been a part of the industry since 1982 and joined Kestra in 2005. He holds CLU and ChFC designations. Brian Brubaker\'s entire professional experience has been with Kestra since 2019. Brain holds an AIF designation. RFS Financial Securities has joined LPL Financial, bringing $140 million in assets. They were previously with Lincoln Financial Advisors. The team is based in Lubbock, Texas and led by David Miller and Mike Ivey. Before joining LPL, RFS operated as a life insurance company, but after the transition, it transformed into a comprehensive wealth management enterprise. With over thirty years in financial advisory, Miller reshaped his business to prioritize client support. His colleague and partner, Mike Ivey, brings close to two decades of expertise, emphasizing comprehensive planning and financial literacy. MAI Capital Management has acquired LWS Wealth Advisors, a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) firm with $562 million in assets, located in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. The acquisition was finalized on March 1, but the financial details of the deal were not disclosed. LWS specializes in providing asset management, family office services, and financial planning to high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients. As part of the acquisition, LWS will integrate into MAI\'s brand identity and operation structure. Lance Lipset, the founder and managing principal of LWS, will take on the role of regional president within MAI. He is supported by Senior Wealth Advisors, Gregg Cohen and Valeria Downs, and Client Service Specialist, Carla Mazzarino. This partnership will enhance LWS ability to offer tailored client services and expand into new areas like alternative investments. The acquisition marks the fourth deal this year for MAI, which also caters to the high net worth market segment. Mercer Global Advisors has acquired Seattle-based MDK Private Wealth Management, which oversees more than $2.5 billion in assets. The firm was founded in 2020 by Paul Meyer, Jaimi Dennehy, and Chris Kalafatis. Meyer began his career in the financial industry in 1985 with New England Securities and later worked at firms like Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities before co-founding MDK Private Wealth Management in 2020. His co-founders, Jaimi Dennehy and Chris Kalafatis, entered the industry somewhat later, in 2010 and 2012 respectively, both starting their careers at J.P. Morgan Securities. Together, they established MDK, focusing on providing specialized financial services to ultra-high-net-worth clients. This diverse experience from notable financial institutions laid the groundwork for the expertise and services offered by MDK. This acquisition expands Mercer’s presence in the Pacific Northwest. Financial details of the deal were not disclosed. Beacon Pointe Advisors has acquired Keeney Financial Group, a Maryland-based registered investment advisor firm with $560 million in assets. This marks its first acquisition of the year. John Keeney, the founder of Keeney Financial Group, has been in the financial industry since 1990 and has worked with several firms before establishing his own in 2015. John holds numerous financial planning designations, including the Certified Private Wealth Advisor (CPWA), Certified Retirement Planning Counselor (CRPC), and the Certified Retirement Plan Specialist (CRPS). Through the acquisition, Keeney and his team of ten employees will adopt the Beacon Pointe brand name. Financial specifics of the t', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'March 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'content': 'In March, Dakota tracked significant activity in the financial advisor and RIA sectors, noting a trend towards the growth of independent channels and RIAs. The data highlighted a move away from traditional wirehouse channels, with a notable increase in the number of advisors joining independent firms and RIAs. Platforms such as LPL and Raymond James are becoming more appealing due to their ability to offer advisors greater flexibility and a wider selection of product options. One of the larger acquisitions this month; Focus Financial Partners, has announced a merger between two of its partner firms, GW & Wade and The Colony Group. GW & Wade, which managed about $10.4 billion in assets as of December 2023, became part of Focus in 2007. The firm is led by principals Roger Wade and Tim Pinch and will continue to operate under the name GW & Wade at The Colony Group after the merger. This merger represents Focus Financial Partners\' second intra-partnership merger under its new hub strategy. The financial details of the transaction, slated to close in the first quarter of 2024, were not disclosed. The combination of these firms underlines Focus Financial Partners\' strategy to consolidate its network of partner firms for enhanced operational efficiency and growth. One of the larger moves this month, UBS has rounded up a group of current advisors to form the Stone Harbor Group, based in Hartford, Connecticut. The team manages approximately $1.3 billion and consists of Richard Cyphers, Gerald Dubey, Douglas Domian, Scott Mintz, David Sacharko, and Sean Siana, who combine for over 150 years of industry experience. Richard Cyphers, a veteran in the industry since 1977, joined UBS in 2009 from Citigroup, where he specialized as a senior advisor in the Citi Family office. Gerald Dubey, with industry experience dating back to 1971, also transitioned from Citi\'s family office to UBS in 2009. Sean Siana made the move to UBS from Merrill Lynch in 2012, followed by Douglas Domian in 2013, and David Sacharko joined from Merrill Lynch more recently. Scott Mintz has been with UBS since the start of his career in 2004. Independents: Commonwealth Financial Network has successfully welcomed an advisor team from Lincoln Investment, bringing in approximately $384 million in assets. The team, based in Harleysville, Pennsylvania, operates under the name Tupelo Wealth Partners and consists of advisors Les Benzak, John Gallagher, and Lynn Craig. Tupelo Wealth Partners is known for offering a broad range of wealth management consulting services, with a specialized focus on Pennsylvania’s pension plan. Benzak accredited the technology, culture and leadership as reasons for the transition. By joining Commonwealth, Benzak believes the practice will be able to save time and focus more on its goal of tripling assets under management through both organic and inorganic growth strategies. Benzak has been in the financial industry since 2001, starting his career with Lincoln Investment and has also been associated with Capital Analysts. Gallagher entered the industry in 1993 with CitiStreet Equities and has a history with several other firms including Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., MetLife Securities, and Lincoln Investment. Craig\'s industry experience dates back to 1984, starting with First Investors Corp, and includes associations with multiple organizations such as The Great-West Life Assurance Co., Butcher & Singer, and CitiStreet Equities. All three advisors hold CFP designations. Raymond James has recruited an advisor team from UBS. The team, Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors, led by James "Buck" Williams. Coastal Oak is based in Jacksonville, Florida and manages over $235 million in client assets. He is supported by his seven-person advisory team. The team at Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors specializes in managing generational wealth, investment strategy, risk management, and legacy planning. Williams has a decade-long history in the financial industry, having started his career at Fidelity Brokerage Services in 2011. Throughout his career, he has been associated with several prominent firms, including Strategic Advisers, Merrill Lynch, and UBS. Buck is actively involved with the Jacksonville Public Education Fund currently serving as Vice Chair on the Board of Directors. He also holds CFP and CEPA designations. The move to Raymond James represents a strategic shift for Williams and Coastal Oak Wealth Advisors, aiming to leverage Raymond James\' extensive resources and expertise. A group of advisors, including Jake Bryant, have left Ameriprise Financial Services to start their own independent firm, Adapt Wealth Advisors. The new firm aims to serve high net worth individuals, family offices, estates, and retirement plans with financial planning and investment management. Adapt is headquartered in Atlanta and manages approximately $1.1 billion in assets. Jake Bryant is the owner and chief executive of Adapt Wealth. Bryant has been associated with Ameriprise since 1998, maintaining dual registration for much of his tenure until his recent departure. Bryant has furthered his knowledge in the industry by obtaining ChFC, AIF, CRPC, APMA, and CEPA designations along with five FINRA certifications. Alongside him, former Ameriprise advisors, including Donnie Robinson, Tim Hodell, Scott Herndon, Jonathon McAdow, Tyler Robinson, and Kathy Hodell, have joined Adapt Wealth. Osaic has acquired Cornerstone Advisors, an advisory practice with approximately $360 million in client assets. The team was previously managed under Cetera Financial Group. The practice is based in Baxter, Minnesota, with additional branches in Perham, Minnesota, and Bismarck, North Dakota. Cornerstone is led by James Benson, who specializes in providing financial planning and portfolio management services primarily to pre-retirees and mass-affluent retirees. Benson has been a part of the financial industry since 1996. He was associated with Cetera from 2016 until his departure in February. Benson also holds a CRPC designation. The partnership with Osaic is expected to provide Cornerstone Advisors with enhanced flexibility and resources, which will improve and facilitate their business growth. Osaic has attracted a four-member advisory team from LPL Financial, which previously managed $240 million in assets. Through the transition, Carolina-based Sturkie Wealth Management has been launched. The firm specializes in investment management and strategic wealth planning for retirees, pre-retirees, small business owners, and professionals. The Sturkie Wealth Management team is led by founder Stephen Sturkie and Wealth Advisor Joe Dunat. Stephen Sturkie, with over 26 years of experience in the investment industry, began his career at First Union Brokerage services in 1996 and has since worked with notable firms like Edward Jones and BB&T Investment Services. He had been associated with LPL for nearly 12 years before joining Osaic. He currently holds his Series, 7, 63 and 66 registrations through Osaic Wealth. LPL Financial has acquired advisors Brice Lowe and Bradley Moser from Stifel Financial, who manage approximately $150 million in assets. The duo will operate under the name Aero Capital and align with the Mariner Advisor Network, which provides support for advisors on LPL\'s platform. Based in Wichita, Kansas, Aero Capital offers a wide range of wealth management services. Their offerings include wealth planning, asset management, tax-advantaged investment strategies, and estate planning review services. Additionally, they specialize in providing charitable giving strategies to their clientele, which consists of affluent families, business owners, and private family foundations. This new partnership highlights LPL\'s ongoing efforts to enhance its platform and service offerings by incorporating experienced advisors and their teams. Prior to launching Aero Capital with his stepson, Brice Lowe, Brad Moser spent more than 35 years in the financial services industry, having started in 1986 with Merrill Lynch. Moser spent a substantial duration with Stfiel from 1998 until transitioning to LPL. Brice Lowe began his career in the financial industry in 2009, starting with Stifel. He has also obtained CFP and CPWA designations. Raymond James has recruited experienced financial advisor Andrew Spearman from SageView Advisory Group. Spearman has joined the employee advisor channel based in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Andrew has over 25 years of experience in the financial services industry. At SageView, he managed approximately $100 million, focusing on clients such as business owners, health care professionals, and individuals nearing or in retirement. Spearman\'s career in financial services began with an internship at Smith Barney, where he later worked for 18 years as an investment analyst. His professional journey also includes roles as a financial advisor at Wells Fargo and First Allied Securities. Spearman made the move to Raymond James in November. Vanessa Martinez, a former financial advisor at Hightower Advisors, has launched a new registered investment advisor firm, Expressive Wealth, based in Chicago. Expressive Wealth currently manages approximately $200 million in assets. The firm aims to serve a diverse clientele including individuals, families, businesses, and inheritors. Martinez anticipates the firm\'s assets under management to reach around $500 million by the end of 2024. Vanessa Martinez leads as managing partner and CEO. The idea for creating her own RIA emerged from interactions with her clientele at her previous firm, The Lerner Group at Hightower, where she recognized a demand for more comprehensive financial assistance. Her industry experience dates back to 2008 when she registered as a broker with Chase Investment Services. She also has a background in promoting financial wellness among female leaders through her consulting firm Em-Powered Network. Expressive Wealth is co-owned by Lauren Genuardi, who also acts as the managing partner and chief compliance officer. The team also includes Darlene Duncan, a partner and wealth advisor with extensive experience in the financial industry since 1981. Laura Blanton, formerly of Wells Fargo, has joined Raymond James & Associates. She will operate as Blanton Wealth Management and will be based in Greenville, South Carolina. At Wells Fargo, she managed approximately $252 million in assets.Blanton’s financial career began in 2002 with A.G. Edwards, which was later acquired by Wells Fargo, where she has been a financial advisor since 2014. Through Raymond James, Blanton aims to provide sophisticated financial products and resources while prioritizing her clients\' best interests. Blanton\'s team at Raymond James includes Client Service Associate Bethany Hermelin. Savvy Advisors recently expanded its network by welcoming three new advisors: Aaron Wiegman, Dustin Parsons, and Arynton Hardy. Wiegman and Parsons join from Financial Sense Wealth Management and Arvest Wealth Management. Respectively, while Hardy, the CEO of Hardy Capital Investments, will maintain his brand within the Savvy network. Wiegman began his career in 2000 with Liss Financial Services and brings extensive experience from various financial institutions before joining Savvy in January of this year. Hardy entered the financial industry in 2015 with Merrill Lynch before establishing Hardy Capital in 2019; he joined Savvy in February. Parsons, who began his career in 2017 at Arvest Wealth, registered with Savvy in December 2023. With these additions, Savvy\'s advisor network has grown to include 15 wealth managers. Savvy has also added Fidelity Investments as a custodian. Ashton Thomas Private Wealth, associated with Arax Investment Partners, has expanded its network by welcoming a team from Raymond James\' Alex.Brown division. The McDonagh Bauers Private Wealth Team, led by Ted McDonagh and Daniel Bauers, is located in New York and oversees approximately $500 million in assets. Ted McDonagh began his career in the financial industry in 1997 at Prudential Securities and had a stint with Lehman Brothers before joining Alex.Brown in 2008. Daniel Bauers started in 2008 with Lehman Brothers before joining Alex.Brown. Both had previous experience at Deutsche Bank Securities before joining Raymond James in 2016. The team is also supported by senior registered associate Justine Kinaj. Brian Pflaum, a financial advisor in Alabama, has shifted his business to LPL Financial after learning that his previous firm, Lincoln Financial Advisors, would be acquired by Osaic. Pflaum, who has been with Lincoln Financial Advisors since 1998, specializes in offering planning and wealth management services. He manages approximately $345 million in assets. Through the transaction, Pflaum has rebranded his practice as TPG Private Wealth. Osaic has added a four-advisor group known as Latitude Wealth Advisors, which oversees approximately $210 million in assets. This team is based in Hauppauge, New York, and consists of advisors Robert Martino, Jason Harris, Anthony Martino, and Mark Harris, who all bring extensive experience to Osaic.Previously affiliated with Ameriprise Financial, they have now joined Osaic\'s Affiliated Advisors. Latitude Wealth Advisors specializes in comprehensive goal-based financial planning for individuals, families, and businesses. Robert Martino, who started his career at Ameriprise\'s predecessor firm IDS Life Insurance Co. in 2003, has been with Ameriprise throughout his career. His brother, Anthony Martino, also spent his entire career at Ameriprise, starting in 2015. Jason Harris began his career in 2002 at Bank of New York and held various non-advisory roles at major financial institutions before registering as an advisor in 2014. He joined Ameriprise in 2016. Mark Harris, the father of Jason Harris, started his advisory career in 1999 at David Lerner Associates and has since worked with several firms before moving to Ameriprise in 2016. A significant family advisor team from UBS has transitioned to Baird\'s Private Wealth Management unit, overseeing around $680 million in client assets. This team is part of The Palm Financial Group, based in Madison, Wisconsin, featuring advisors Michael Palm, Matthew Palm, and Nicholas Palm. The advisors bring extensive expertise from UBS. Michael Palm brings the most experience with 36 years in the financial industry, predominantly spent at UBS since 1990, after a brief period at Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Michael also holds CFP and CIMA designations. His sons, Matthew and Nicholas Palm, contribute 11 and 8 years of experience respectively, with Matthew having a previous stint at Baird before joining UBS in 2014, and Nicholas starting his career at UBS in 2016. Matthew holds a CFP designation, while Nicholas holds a CPA designation. This addition is Baird’s second of  2024 and indicates an expansion phase for the firm. LPL Financial has added seven advisors from Osaic, bringing with them a total of $700 million in assets. The advisors, including Michael Matheson, Susan Anderson, Marie Henrichs, Amy Holewa, Jeff Schuler, Paul Lyon, and Dan Pias, were all previously associated with Financial Dimensions Group, an Osaic firm. These advisors are based in Maple Grove, Minnesota, where they operate distinct practices such as M2 Financial Group, Holewa Financial, and Schuler Financial Advisor Group but often collaborate on business strategies and service models. Veterans in the financial industry, Matheson, Schuler, Pias, and Lyon, have been active since the late \'80s and early \'90s, initially registering with Ameriprise Financial and its predecessors. They joined Osaic in 2005 after starting their careers with companies like IDS Life Insurance Co. and American Express Financial Advisors. Amy Holewa entered the finance sector in 1996 with IDS Life Insurance and has worked with various firms including Ameriprise and ING Financial Partners before moving to Osaic. Marie Henrichs began her career in 2006 with Royal Alliance Associates, a precursor to Osaic, and has also been associated with SagePoint Financial. Susan Anderson started in the financial industry in 2009 directly with Osaic. Tampa-based Concurrent Investment Advisors has three new advisors in January: Ramin Abrams, Glenn Holmes, and Sean O’Neill, who collectively bring $365 million in client assets. Glenn Holmes and Sean O’Neill were previously associated with Raymond James, while Ramin Abrams was with Wells Fargo before joining Concurrent. As part of their move, Abrams and Holmes are establishing new offices for Concurrent. Ramin Abrams is opening a new location in New York City under the Concurrent Advisors brand. Glenn Holmes is launching T7 Legacy in Jacksonville, Florida, aiming to serve corporate executives and business owners in the Southeast region. Sean O’Neill, on the other hand, is joining Legacy Wealth Partners, an existing partner of Concurrent based in Denver. Sheila Ryan has been promoted to the role of president of Colony Wealth Management, one of Focus Financial Partners\' largest affiliates, The Colony Group. In her new position, Ryan will oversee the daily operations of the Boston-based RIA\'s approximately 150 advisors, a number expected to increase to around 175. Ryan officially assumed her new role on January 1, 2024, and is gradually transitioning into the position as Stephen Sadler, Colony\'s co-founder and managing director, shifts towards retirement. Ryan has approximately 15 years of experience in the wealth management industry and previously served as Colony’s managing director of wealth management strategy. Before her current role at The Colony Group, Ryan had worked as an equity research analyst, director of operations, and consultant at the firm, and also gained experience at Charles Schwab and Loring Ward. Carson Group has acquired a two-advisor team from Elk River Wealth Management, marking its second wealth deal in 2024. The team, composed of David Carroll and Jon Springer from Elkhorn, Nebraska, managed approximately $163 million in client assets at Elk River, which was established in 2020. Both have served over 20 years in the wealth management industry. While specific financial details were not disclosed, Carson Group will fully own Carroll and Springer’s practice through Carson Wealth. The duo is in close proximity to Carson\'s Omaha headquarters. LPL has added The McAnally Investment Group from Wells Fargo. They manage around $250 million and are based in Booneville, Mississippi. The team includes leader, J. Mark McAnally, his sons Josh and Brandon McAnally, and support staffer Carlin Crowe. Their shift to LPL\'s traditional independent channel marks their departure from nearly 25 years of working within wirehouse models. The decision to leave was partly due to frustrations with policies on smaller accounts at their former firm. J. Mark McAnally initiated his career at Edward Jones in 2000 and moved to Wells Fargo in 2011. While Josh and Brandon started their careers at Wells in 2016 and 2023, respectively. Brandon also holds a CPA designation. The team emphasizes their newfound ability to offer personalized service without the constraints of account minimums. The Li Group has transitioned from Morgan Stanley to Wells Fargo in Worcester, Massachusetts. They managed approximately $169 million in assets and generated $1.8 million in annual revenue while at Morgan Stanley. The team is led by David Z. Li, a veteran in the industry with 32 years of experience. Li\'s professional journey began in 1992 at John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co., and he has since worked with several financial institutions before his stint at Morgan Stanley starting in 2013. Accompanying Li in the move is junior partner Jason W. Camuti. Camuti started his brokerage career with Merrill Lynch in 2011 and moved to Morgan Stanley alongside Li in 2013. Simultaneously with this acquisition, Wells Fargo experienced the departure of a different financial advisor team to LPL. LPL Financial has welcomed the addition of Nolan Venable to its team. Operating out of Lafayette, Louisiana, Venable transitions to LPL with approximately $150 million in assets, previously managed under Osaic. As the founder and CEO of Wealth Advisors, LLC, Venable has built a financial services enterprise since 1984, dedicated to providing a broad range of financial products mainly to individuals in the southwestern Louisiana. In addition to leading Wealth Advisors, he manages a tax service and an insurance company, all housed under one roof. Bringing over three decades of expertise in the financial sector to his new role, Venable is recognized for his extensive experience and holds multiple professional licenses. His decision to join LPL Financial was influenced by the firm\'s proven stability in the market, its commitment to supporting advisors, and the comprehensive technological solutions it offers. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. (BBH) has expanded its wealth management operations in Houston, attracting two seasoned financial advisors, Matthew Summers and Matthew Moncrief, from Hightower Advisors. The duo, who have been partners for over a decade, join BBH as managing directors. Their primary role at BBH will involve catering to the financial needs of ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families. Summers and Moncrief also bring to the table their expertise in assisting business owners, as well as foundations and endowments. The pair made their move to Hightower Advisors in 2018, joining the firm through its acquisition of Salient Partners. Their addition to BBH is part of the firm\'s broader strategy to strengthen its wealth management presence in strategic locations like Houston. Their careers in the financial services sector commenced in 2008, marking the beginning of their extensive experience in the industry. Prior to joining the firm in 2024, Summers worked for Houlihan Lokey, Salient Partners, and Hightower Advisors. He has 18 years of investment experience. For Moncrief, he has worked for Amegy Bank Salient Partners and Hightower before joining BBH in 2024. Raymond James has recruited a team of financial advisors from UBS, who collectively managed over $300 million in assets. The advisors, based in Irvine, California, include Steven Hocking, Jennifer Hocking, and Ryan Mueller, and they will operate under Raymond James & Associates as THG Retirement Solutions of Raymond James. THG focuses on financial planning and wealth management for a diverse client base, including corporate retirement plans, business owners, and individuals nearing or in retirement. Steven Hocking began his journey in the financial securities industry in 2002, and he has extensive experience in the retirement planning space. His career includes a stint at UBS, where he specialized in corporate retirement plans. Jennifer Hocking\'s career in financial services began in 2002 at Toyota Financial Services, and she moved to UBS in 2015. Ryan Mueller\'s financial career started in the operations department of a boutique insurance brokerage before he transitioned to UBS as an advisor in 2018. Journey Strategic Wealth has acquired a father-daughter duo of financial advisors, Kerry Meath-Sinkin and Robert Meath, from Carson Wealth. The newly joined Meath Wealth Advisors will be establishing a Journey office in Minneapolis, marking the firm\'s initial push into the Midwest. Meath Wealth brings approximately $160 million in assets. Kerry Meath-Sinkin started her career in the financial services sector in 2016 working as a consultant for wealth management firms in Washington, D.C. She holds a CFP designation. Her father, Robert Meath, has been a seasoned professional in the industry since 1981, offering decades of experience. This acquisition represents the seventh advisory team to align with the firm. Journey already has a presence in several key locations across the United States, including the San Francisco Bay Area, Richmond, Seattle, Park City, and the New York City and Northern New Jersey areas. Rockefeller Capital Management has welcomed a group of advisors previously with J.P. Morgan Securities, originally from First Republic. The crew, known as Pollock Salah Wealth Partners, manages approximately $2.2 billion in assets and is based in both San Francisco and Walnut Creek, California. The team consists of advisors Gary Pollock, Craig Pollock, and Anis Salah, alongside support staff Annette Smith, Maryann Jensen, and Ethan Huang. Gary Pollock\'s career includes a lengthy tenure at First Republic since 2004 and a move to JPMorgan after it acquired First Republic\'s wealth unit. In addition to his time at First Republic, Pollock also founded and managed Bay Isle Financial in Oakland, California, and has an extensive background of approximately 20 years at Chevron Corp. Craig Pollock\'s experience is similar to Gary\'s in terms of his start at First Republic in 2004 and earlier career at Bay Isle Financial. Anis Salah brings a diverse background with roles at First Republic since 2009, contributing varied expertise to the Pollock Salah Wealth Partners team. Marvin Rauchbach and his daughter, Leigh Ritchey, have transitioned from Valic Financial Advisors to join Osaic. Operating as Kings Mill Wealth Advisors, they are now based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Baltimore, respectively. Together, they manage over $280 million in assets. Mr. Rauchbach and Ms. Ritchey serve a range of clients, advising them on retirement and estate planning, portfolio management and many others. Rauchbach\'s career in the financial services sector dates back to 1986, and he has been associated with Valic since 2000. Ritchey entered the financial industry in 2011 and joined Valic a year later. LPL has welcomed a sibling trio team from Merrill Lynch. Through the transition the advisors have launched new independent practice, Grafton Wealth Advisors, formerly known as Grafton Wealth Management at Merrill Lynch. The Florida-based team, managing approximately $580 million in assets, was originally established in 1972 by William Grafton III. Grafton III will continue his involvement as a managing partner and executive consultant, while his children, Sarah, William Grafton IV, and Dexter, will step into roles as managing partners and wealth advisors. The team emphasizes a client-centered approach, focusing on proactive strategies and personalized service to navigate market changes. William Grafton III joined Merrill Lynch in 2007, with a professional background at various other brokerage firms, including Wachovia and Prudential. His children joined the business after their graduations, with Sarah starting in 2007, William IV in 2008, and Dexter in 2013. William and Dexter also hold CFP, CEPA, CPFA and CFA designations, respectively. Raymond James has added Martin Lutschaunig, a former financial advisor at Janney Montgomery Scott. At Janney, he managed approximately $265 million in assets. Operating from Yardley, Pennsylvania, Lutschaunig leads Lutschaunig Wealth Management alongside Branch Manager Patricia Niles. Their client base pertains mostly to health care professionals, female investors, and retirees. With a career beginning in 1992 at Merrill Lynch, Lutschaunig brings extensive experience to his new role. He also spent the last 10 years of his career affiliated with Janney. Patricia Niles, joining him, started her career in 2000 with Tucker Anthony and has worked with several notable firms including RBC, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Janney. Both bring a wealth of industry knowledge and expertise to Raymond James. Nicholas and Heidi Irwin, a married couple and financial advisors based in Lockhart, Texas, have transitioned to Avantax. They will join the Alliance Wealth Strategies firm, an Avantax affiliate, aiming to leverage the firm’s tax-focused financial planning and wealth management expertise. Nicholas\'s career in the financial industry began in 2012 with Edward Jones, and he has also been associated with notable firms such as JPMorgan, Merrill Lynch, and SWBC Investment Advisory Services. He had two tenures with Edward Jones, first from 2012 to 2013 and then from 2020 until his recent move to Avantax. Heidi Irwin started her career in the financial sector in 2014 with Edward Jones, marking her entry into the industry. Acquisitions & RIAs: The AmeriFlex Group, an Osaic-affiliated hybrid RIA firm based in Las Vegas, has acquired Colorado-based ERSI Wealth Management. The team manages approximately $400 million in assets and consists of Stephen Brubaker, Jim Brubaker, Brian Brubaker, Gary Sidder, and Jenny Kast, serving individuals, families, and business owners. ERSI traces its roots back to the 1980s when Jim Brubaker founded several companies specializing in executive benefits and business owner exit strategies. Over time, these businesses evolved into Exit and Retirement Strategies, Inc., which later became known by the acronym ERSI. Stephen Brubake initiated his career in the financial services industry in 2008 with NFP Advisor Services and moved to Kestra in 2007. He also holds CFP, AIF, and CLU designations. Jim Brubaker has been a part of the industry since 1982 and joined Kestra in 2005. He holds CLU and ChFC designations. Brian Brubaker\'s entire professional experience has been with Kestra since 2019. Brain holds an AIF designation. RFS Financial Securities has joined LPL Financial, bringing $140 million in assets. They were previously with Lincoln Financial Advisors. The team is based in Lubbock, Texas and led by David Miller and Mike Ivey. Before joining LPL, RFS operated as a life insurance company, but after the transition, it transformed into a comprehensive wealth management enterprise. With over thirty years in financial advisory, Miller reshaped his business to prioritize client support. His colleague and partner, Mike Ivey, brings close to two decades of expertise, emphasizing comprehensive planning and financial literacy. MAI Capital Management has acquired LWS Wealth Advisors, a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) firm with $562 million in assets, located in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. The acquisition was finalized on March 1, but the financial details of the deal were not disclosed. LWS specializes in providing asset management, family office services, and financial planning to high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients. As part of the acquisition, LWS will integrate into MAI\'s brand identity and operation structure. Lance Lipset, the founder and managing principal of LWS, will take on the role of regional president within MAI. He is supported by Senior Wealth Advisors, Gregg Cohen and Valeria Downs, and Client Service Specialist, Carla Mazzarino. This partnership will enhance LWS ability to offer tailored client services and expand into new areas like alternative investments. The acquisition marks the fourth deal this year for MAI, which also caters to the high net worth market segment. Mercer Global Advisors has acquired Seattle-based MDK Private Wealth Management, which oversees more than $2.5 billion in assets. The firm was founded in 2020 by Paul Meyer, Jaimi Dennehy, and Chris Kalafatis. Meyer began his career in the financial industry in 1985 with New England Securities and later worked at firms like Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities before co-founding MDK Private Wealth Management in 2020. His co-founders, Jaimi Dennehy and Chris Kalafatis, entered the industry somewhat later, in 2010 and 2012 respectively, both starting their careers at J.P. Morgan Securities. Together, they established MDK, focusing on providing specialized financial services to ultra-high-net-worth clients. This diverse experience from notable financial institutions laid the groundwork for the expertise and services offered by MDK. This acquisition expands Mercer’s presence in the Pacific Northwest. Financial details of the deal were not disclosed. Beacon Pointe Advisors has acquired Keeney Financial Group, a Maryland-based registered investment advisor firm with $560 million in assets. This marks its first acquisition of the year. John Keeney, the founder of Keeney Financial Group, has been in the financial industry since 1990 and has worked with several firms before establishing his own in 2015. John holds numerous financial planning designations, including the Certified Private Wealth Advisor (CPWA), Certified Retirement Planning Counselor (CRPC), and the Certified Retirement Plan Specialist (CRPS). Through the acquisition, Keeney and his team of ten employees will adopt the Beacon Pointe brand name. Financial specifics of the t', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_338_10-salesforce-integration-apps-to-improve-investme

{'title': '10 Salesforce Integration Apps to Improve Investment Sales Productivity', 'introduction': 'If you\'re in investment sales, you already know how critical it is to keep your CRM updated. We know that for many of us, it\'s the lifeblood of the company, keeping you and your team on track and accountable. However, we also know that it can be difficult to ensure that your CRM is your "single source of truth" when you\'re working with other, outside applications that also require your time and attention. In this article, we\'re highlighting the 11 best Salesforce integrations that will save your sales team valuable time and energy. By the end of this article, you’ll have a clear idea how and where you can fill any gaps within your sales team\'s Salesforce productivity. Cloudingo How it works Cloudingo is an app that helps manage your data so you and your team are left with clean, reliable data. In addition to removing duplicates, you can merge duplicates and convert records, automate these checks on a schedule, mass import data, update records in bulk, control your access through collaboration, and connect systems through API. How it helps This app is great if you have lots of duplicate data, and automates it so you don’t have to manually go through and do so. With Cloudingo, you’ll still have flexibility and control to decide your further actions. You’re able to build unlimited numbers of filters with several matching styles, merge duplicates manually, add in bulk or automatically, validate mailing addresses and add geocodes, and so much more. Price The price starts at $1,096 per company per year, with discounts available for nonprofits. 360 SMS How it works With 360 SMS, you can send and receive SMS, MMS, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, iText, and Chatbot messages from within Salesforce. There’s an option to set up campaigns and automatically update customer responses in Salesforce. 360 SMS claims that right from the start, you\'ll be able to see improvements including a stronger method of triggering messages, and processing of incoming replies and surveys. 360 SMS will also automatically update responses in Salesforce, and provides surveys and follow-ups to increase customer engagement. How it helps From 360 SMS’s website, there’s a 98% Read Rate and 90 seconds Response Time. This app has much stronger methods of triggering messages and processing incoming replies and surveys, making the sales process more simplified for you and your team. Price This app starts at $7 per user per month. Discounts are offered for nonprofits. Salesforce Adoption Dashboard How it works We know how hard it can be to ensure that your team is adopting a CRM properly, and Salesforce Adoption Dashboard gives you the ability to track your team’s progress towards adoption. With this integration, you\'ll be able to supervise relevant user login history and key feature adoption. It comes with 42 reports, 6 custom fields, 3 Dashboards, 1 Dashboard Folder, and 1 Report Folder that identifies whether users are regularly logging in and using key features in Salesforce. The app can also be customized to track specific metrics important to your organization. Salesforce Adoption Dashboard claims through the use of their app, your firm will adopt critical sales and marketing productivity enhancers to help take your business to the next level. How it helps This app is simple to use and provides the information you need at a glance. It will help you take full advantage of your company’s CRM system, making your time one of high-performance. Price This app is free. You’ll need to already have Salesforce Edition Professional, Enterprise, Unlimited, Developer, or Performance. Slack How it works Slack is one of the most popular communication and team collaboration platforms. In addition to communicate through messaging and calling. It allows you to share and edit documents, integrate tools and services your team may already use, and search through your knowledge base archive. Your team can receive updates to key information in Salesforce from customized notifications in Slack in addition to searching and previewing Salesforce records using slash commands. How it helps Slack integration with Salesforce will help your team stay up to date on their records within Slack. They’ll be able to act faster on new opportunities and collaborate with ease. If your team works from home, works from the office, or both, Slack still permits easy, fast, and reliable communication. Price Slack integration with Salesforce is free. Conga Grid How it works Conga Grid allows you to manage your Salesforce data faster through editing your records and visualizing them as an Excel-like grid, jumping from line to line, instead of clicking through Salesforce records to access and update. In Conga Grid’s own words, the app permits superior data management as you’ll reduce clicks and switching through multiple tabs because you’ll be able to view everything you need through customizable views. Immense time will be added back to your day with inline editing, batch actions, and mass updates. How it helps With this app, you’ll have much faster data editing and management. You’ll save a lot of time through easier navigation and management of records, which in turn leads to better documents, higher productivity, and more insights. Price The starting price for this app is $18 per user per month. Discounts are available for nonprofits. Covideo How it works Covideo’s Salesforce integration will sync the data from your Covideo account to your Salesforce account. You can record and send a video email to prospects and customers. Then within Salesforce you can track emails sent, emails opened, CTA clicks, and video views. How it helps With this integration setup, you’ll be able to track how your video email marketing efforts add up within your CRM. Price The price starts at $49 per month per user, with custom pricing offered for different teams. Salesforce integration is included in every Covideo plan. ConnectLeader How it works With ConnectLeader, you’ll be able to participate in back-to-back calls. This permits your sales team to carry out more organized sales call sessions. ConnectLeader’s Salesforce dialer also allows sales teams to make up to 150 calls per hour, allowing for more converted sales rather than performing non-productive calls. Plus, you won’t have to stress about manually logging your calls and follow-ups. How it helps The app will offer call sequences based on previous calls, with the possibility of displaying a local number for each lead. As a result, your leads’ answer rate will increase and they’ll be more comfortable picking up a number from an area code they recognize. According to ConnectLeader, you and your team will improve sales productivity up to 800% compared to manual dialing. Price Pricing information was not available. ClosePlan How it works The ClosePlan app is directly integrated with Salesforce. It is intended for sales teams with a complex sales process. You’ll be able to format your action plan through the drag and drop feature. ClosePlan states that they combines your sales strategy, sales process, and sales methodology into one within Salesforce. Through relationship maps your team will be able to see similarities across firms. The deal scorecard allows your team to easily see where opportunities lie based on your sales qualification methodology. Lastly, the sales playbook is a space you can create repeatable best practices for other businesses. How it helps With this app, you’ll have the ability to present different business strategies to your team depending on the lead. In addition, this app will help you and your team optimize your opportunity-to-close process, create relationship maps, a deal scorecard, and a sales playbook. Price Pricing information was not available. Yesware How it works Yesware is an activity dashboard for Salesforce that allows reporting within Salesforce. This allows you to quickly see what’s working across your sales team and what isn’t. With this app you’ll naturally boost productivity by skipping administrative work - no more manual data entry. Yesware automatically syncs email activity, calendar activity, campaign activity, and engagement data. In Yesware’s words, by having Salesforce in your inbox you can create and update Salesforce leads, contacts, accounts, opportunities, and tasks without having to switch tabs. How it helps With this app there’s no manual data entry. You and your team will save hours from your day through syncing email sends, email replies, calls, meetings, and engagement. Yesware tracks opens, clicks, attachment views, and bounces. This information can be used towards creating new campaigns. Price This app is free 14 day trial. Calendar Anything How it works With the Calendar Anything app, you’ll be able to create customizable calendars in Salesforce. This lets you schedule and manage marketing campaigns, plan projects, and forecast opportunities. According the Calendar Anything, clients use this app for anything from marketing campaign management, resource allocation and project management, and event management. Your team will be able to create, edit, and move records in Salesforce right from the calendar. How it helps With this app you’ll have powerful calendar management features. It provides a calendar view for the past, current, and future marketing campaigns. The color coding and the drag and drop features help to organize and enhance management within your company. Price The price for this app is $12.5 per user per month. Discounts are available for nonprofits. Which is right for you? While this depends on the individual needs of your team, we can make some recommendations to help you find out which of the apps above is right for you. If you... Are looking for a way to stay better connected, Slack or Covideo could be a great fit for your team, as they are both designed to help increase communication efficiency. Are trying to make more calls, faster, ConnectLeader is a great option, since it gives you the availability to make up to 150 calls per hour. Want to enhance the way you track activity, ClosePlan and YesWare are both great options that help you streamline the way you use reporting.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '10 Salesforce Integration Apps to Improve Investment Sales Productivity', 'content': 'If you\'re in investment sales, you already know how critical it is to keep your CRM updated. We know that for many of us, it\'s the lifeblood of the company, keeping you and your team on track and accountable. However, we also know that it can be difficult to ensure that your CRM is your "single source of truth" when you\'re working with other, outside applications that also require your time and attention. In this article, we\'re highlighting the 11 best Salesforce integrations that will save your sales team valuable time and energy. By the end of this article, you’ll have a clear idea how and where you can fill any gaps within your sales team\'s Salesforce productivity. Cloudingo How it works Cloudingo is an app that helps manage your data so you and your team are left with clean, reliable data. In addition to removing duplicates, you can merge duplicates and convert records, automate these checks on a schedule, mass import data, update records in bulk, control your access through collaboration, and connect systems through API. How it helps This app is great if you have lots of duplicate data, and automates it so you don’t have to manually go through and do so. With Cloudingo, you’ll still have flexibility and control to decide your further actions. You’re able to build unlimited numbers of filters with several matching styles, merge duplicates manually, add in bulk or automatically, validate mailing addresses and add geocodes, and so much more. Price The price starts at $1,096 per company per year, with discounts available for nonprofits. 360 SMS How it works With 360 SMS, you can send and receive SMS, MMS, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, iText, and Chatbot messages from within Salesforce. There’s an option to set up campaigns and automatically update customer responses in Salesforce. 360 SMS claims that right from the start, you\'ll be able to see improvements including a stronger method of triggering messages, and processing of incoming replies and surveys. 360 SMS will also automatically update responses in Salesforce, and provides surveys and follow-ups to increase customer engagement. How it helps From 360 SMS’s website, there’s a 98% Read Rate and 90 seconds Response Time. This app has much stronger methods of triggering messages and processing incoming replies and surveys, making the sales process more simplified for you and your team. Price This app starts at $7 per user per month. Discounts are offered for nonprofits. Salesforce Adoption Dashboard How it works We know how hard it can be to ensure that your team is adopting a CRM properly, and Salesforce Adoption Dashboard gives you the ability to track your team’s progress towards adoption. With this integration, you\'ll be able to supervise relevant user login history and key feature adoption. It comes with 42 reports, 6 custom fields, 3 Dashboards, 1 Dashboard Folder, and 1 Report Folder that identifies whether users are regularly logging in and using key features in Salesforce. The app can also be customized to track specific metrics important to your organization. Salesforce Adoption Dashboard claims through the use of their app, your firm will adopt critical sales and marketing productivity enhancers to help take your business to the next level. How it helps This app is simple to use and provides the information you need at a glance. It will help you take full advantage of your company’s CRM system, making your time one of high-performance. Price This app is free. You’ll need to already have Salesforce Edition Professional, Enterprise, Unlimited, Developer, or Performance. Slack How it works Slack is one of the most popular communication and team collaboration platforms. In addition to communicate through messaging and calling. It allows you to share and edit documents, integrate tools and services your team may already use, and search through your knowledge base archive. Your team can receive updates to key information in Salesforce from customized notifications in Slack in addition to searching and previewing Salesforce records using slash commands. How it helps Slack integration with Salesforce will help your team stay up to date on their records within Slack. They’ll be able to act faster on new opportunities and collaborate with ease. If your team works from home, works from the office, or both, Slack still permits easy, fast, and reliable communication. Price Slack integration with Salesforce is free. Conga Grid How it works Conga Grid allows you to manage your Salesforce data faster through editing your records and visualizing them as an Excel-like grid, jumping from line to line, instead of clicking through Salesforce records to access and update. In Conga Grid’s own words, the app permits superior data management as you’ll reduce clicks and switching through multiple tabs because you’ll be able to view everything you need through customizable views. Immense time will be added back to your day with inline editing, batch actions, and mass updates. How it helps With this app, you’ll have much faster data editing and management. You’ll save a lot of time through easier navigation and management of records, which in turn leads to better documents, higher productivity, and more insights. Price The starting price for this app is $18 per user per month. Discounts are available for nonprofits. Covideo How it works Covideo’s Salesforce integration will sync the data from your Covideo account to your Salesforce account. You can record and send a video email to prospects and customers. Then within Salesforce you can track emails sent, emails opened, CTA clicks, and video views. How it helps With this integration setup, you’ll be able to track how your video email marketing efforts add up within your CRM. Price The price starts at $49 per month per user, with custom pricing offered for different teams. Salesforce integration is included in every Covideo plan. ConnectLeader How it works With ConnectLeader, you’ll be able to participate in back-to-back calls. This permits your sales team to carry out more organized sales call sessions. ConnectLeader’s Salesforce dialer also allows sales teams to make up to 150 calls per hour, allowing for more converted sales rather than performing non-productive calls. Plus, you won’t have to stress about manually logging your calls and follow-ups. How it helps The app will offer call sequences based on previous calls, with the possibility of displaying a local number for each lead. As a result, your leads’ answer rate will increase and they’ll be more comfortable picking up a number from an area code they recognize. According to ConnectLeader, you and your team will improve sales productivity up to 800% compared to manual dialing. Price Pricing information was not available. ClosePlan How it works The ClosePlan app is directly integrated with Salesforce. It is intended for sales teams with a complex sales process. You’ll be able to format your action plan through the drag and drop feature. ClosePlan states that they combines your sales strategy, sales process, and sales methodology into one within Salesforce. Through relationship maps your team will be able to see similarities across firms. The deal scorecard allows your team to easily see where opportunities lie based on your sales qualification methodology. Lastly, the sales playbook is a space you can create repeatable best practices for other businesses. How it helps With this app, you’ll have the ability to present different business strategies to your team depending on the lead. In addition, this app will help you and your team optimize your opportunity-to-close process, create relationship maps, a deal scorecard, and a sales playbook. Price Pricing information was not available. Yesware How it works Yesware is an activity dashboard for Salesforce that allows reporting within Salesforce. This allows you to quickly see what’s working across your sales team and what isn’t. With this app you’ll naturally boost productivity by skipping administrative work - no more manual data entry. Yesware automatically syncs email activity, calendar activity, campaign activity, and engagement data. In Yesware’s words, by having Salesforce in your inbox you can create and update Salesforce leads, contacts, accounts, opportunities, and tasks without having to switch tabs. How it helps With this app there’s no manual data entry. You and your team will save hours from your day through syncing email sends, email replies, calls, meetings, and engagement. Yesware tracks opens, clicks, attachment views, and bounces. This information can be used towards creating new campaigns. Price This app is free 14 day trial. Calendar Anything How it works With the Calendar Anything app, you’ll be able to create customizable calendars in Salesforce. This lets you schedule and manage marketing campaigns, plan projects, and forecast opportunities. According the Calendar Anything, clients use this app for anything from marketing campaign management, resource allocation and project management, and event management. Your team will be able to create, edit, and move records in Salesforce right from the calendar. How it helps With this app you’ll have powerful calendar management features. It provides a calendar view for the past, current, and future marketing campaigns. The color coding and the drag and drop features help to organize and enhance management within your company. Price The price for this app is $12.5 per user per month. Discounts are available for nonprofits. Which is right for you? While this depends on the individual needs of your team, we can make some recommendations to help you find out which of the apps above is right for you. If you... Are looking for a way to stay better connected, Slack or Covideo could be a great fit for your team, as they are both designed to help increase communication efficiency. Are trying to make more calls, faster, ConnectLeader is a great option, since it gives you the availability to make up to 150 calls per hour. Want to enhance the way you track activity, ClosePlan and YesWare are both great options that help you streamline the way you use reporting.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_026_top-private-equity-fund-databases-for-2025

{'title': 'Top Private Equity Fund Databases for 2025', 'introduction': "Private market investing is expanding rapidly, offering new opportunities and potential for growth. However, accessing accurate, real-time information on private funds remains a significant challenge. Asset owners and research professionals often grapple with fragmented tools, disjointed workflows, and inconsistent data – factors that slow decision-making and increase the risk of missed opportunities. In an industry where timing and precision are everything, a disjointed workflow can hinder success. That’s why having a single, comprehensive platform to streamline private fund research is crucial. Enter Dakota Research – a solution designed to centralize critical data, simplify workflows, and empower investment professionals with the insights they need to make confident, data-driven decisions. In this article, we’ll review the top private fund databases available in 2025. By the end, you’ll have a clearer understanding of which database might be the best fit for you and your team. PitchBook PitchBook is a trusted resource for private equity professionals, offering insights into global capital markets. The platform provides comprehensive data on private equity-backed companies, investors, deals, funds, and key contacts, giving you the tools to make data-driven decisions at every stage of the investment lifecycle. With PitchBook, you’ll gain access to detailed information on private equity deals and exits, including lead partners, multiples, and valuations. The platform also delivers in-depth data on private equity funds, covering investments, dry powder, internal rates of return (IRR), and cash flow multiples. Additionally, PitchBook provides insights into private equity-backed companies, offering key details on financials, valuations, and growth metrics. Designed to support professionals in deal sourcing, due diligence, and fundraising, PitchBook’s intuitive interface and advanced analytics tools make it easy to streamline your workflows and enhance your strategic planning. PitchBook empowers you to navigate the private equity landscape with confidence and clarity, helping you uncover opportunities and drive results. Dakota Research Dakota Research is a comprehensive, user-friendly platform designed to centralize critical investment data and intelligence, making it an essential resource for due diligence analysts. Built by Dakota’s internal research analyst team, Dakota Research empowers professionals to make confident, data-driven decisions. The platform provides access to a curated universe of private funds, complete with detailed qualitative profiles that include strategies, performance data, and key contacts. In addition, Dakota Research offers proprietary research, consultant recommendations, presentation decks, and relevant news, helping analysts deepen their due diligence process with actionable insights. By aggregating critical data and streamlining workflows, the platform simplifies the investment process with centralized reporting and intuitive tools. Through combining private market insights, fundraising intelligence, and CRM tools into one cohesive solution, Dakota Research is uniquely designed to meet the specific needs of due diligence analysts. With its emphasis on accuracy and ease of use, Dakota Research delivers unmatched results for professionals navigating the complexities of private fund investing. Preqin Preqin offers a platform of alternative asset data, offering insights into private equity, venture capital, real estate, infrastructure, and other alternative investments. The database is specifically designed to empower private equity professionals with the tools and information they need to make informed decisions in an increasingly competitive market. Preqin’s platform provides access to a collection of private equity fund data, including performance metrics, investment strategies, and historical trends. Users can explore comprehensive profiles of institutional investors, which include investment preferences, historical commitments, and contact details. The platform also offers analytics tools to evaluate market trends, benchmark fund performance, and identify emerging opportunities in the private equity landscape. Additionally, Preqin’s deal-tracking capabilities provide detailed information on deals and exits. With Preqin’s data and analytical tools, it is a resource for private equity analysts seeking to navigate the complexities of alternative investments with precision and confidence. With Intelligence In their words, With Intelligence is a comprehensive platform offering data, intelligence, and networking opportunities to professionals in the alternative asset management industry. Its private equity coverage includes detailed profiles on investors, consultants, managers, funds, searches, and key personnel, providing users with the insights needed for efficient fundraising, asset allocation, and fund servicing. The platform connects users with data and people, facilitating more effective decision-making processes. By using With Intelligence's resources, professionals can streamline their workflows, identify the right prospects, and stay ahead in the competitive landscape of private equity. With Intelligence's approach combines data, analysis, and networking events, making it a tool for those aiming to excel in private equity investment and management. Which Is Right For Yours? Ultimately, the best database for you will align with your team’s goals, whether that’s identifying new investment opportunities, enhancing due diligence processes, or optimizing your fundraising strategy. By understanding the strengths of each platform, you can choose the one that best supports your unique needs and drives your success in the private markets. For Comprehensive Alternative Asset Insights: If you need broad coverage across private equity, venture capital, real estate, and infrastructure, Preqin offers a robust database with detailed performance metrics, investor profiles, and deal-tracking capabilities. It’s ideal for professionals looking to benchmark fund performance and uncover new market opportunities. For Deal Sourcing and Market Intelligence: PitchBook is a trusted resource for private equity professionals who need in-depth data on deals, valuations, and fund activity. Its intuitive interface and advanced analytics make it perfect for those involved in deal sourcing, fundraising, and strategic market analysis. For Streamlined Due Diligence: If you’re a due diligence analyst looking for a centralized, user-friendly platform to simplify research, Dakota Research is designed with your needs in mind. Built by researchers for researchers, it offers proprietary insights, consultant recommendations, and the tools to aggregate critical data—all in one place. For Data-Driven Fundraising and Networking: With Intelligence is ideal for professionals who need more than just data. Its platform combines detailed private equity information with networking opportunities, making it a powerful tool for fundraising, asset allocation, and strategic relationship-building. For more information on private equity funds, book a demo of Dakota Research!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Top Private Equity Fund Databases for 2025', 'content': "Private market investing is expanding rapidly, offering new opportunities and potential for growth. However, accessing accurate, real-time information on private funds remains a significant challenge. Asset owners and research professionals often grapple with fragmented tools, disjointed workflows, and inconsistent data – factors that slow decision-making and increase the risk of missed opportunities. In an industry where timing and precision are everything, a disjointed workflow can hinder success. That’s why having a single, comprehensive platform to streamline private fund research is crucial. Enter Dakota Research – a solution designed to centralize critical data, simplify workflows, and empower investment professionals with the insights they need to make confident, data-driven decisions. In this article, we’ll review the top private fund databases available in 2025. By the end, you’ll have a clearer understanding of which database might be the best fit for you and your team. PitchBook PitchBook is a trusted resource for private equity professionals, offering insights into global capital markets. The platform provides comprehensive data on private equity-backed companies, investors, deals, funds, and key contacts, giving you the tools to make data-driven decisions at every stage of the investment lifecycle. With PitchBook, you’ll gain access to detailed information on private equity deals and exits, including lead partners, multiples, and valuations. The platform also delivers in-depth data on private equity funds, covering investments, dry powder, internal rates of return (IRR), and cash flow multiples. Additionally, PitchBook provides insights into private equity-backed companies, offering key details on financials, valuations, and growth metrics. Designed to support professionals in deal sourcing, due diligence, and fundraising, PitchBook’s intuitive interface and advanced analytics tools make it easy to streamline your workflows and enhance your strategic planning. PitchBook empowers you to navigate the private equity landscape with confidence and clarity, helping you uncover opportunities and drive results. Dakota Research Dakota Research is a comprehensive, user-friendly platform designed to centralize critical investment data and intelligence, making it an essential resource for due diligence analysts. Built by Dakota’s internal research analyst team, Dakota Research empowers professionals to make confident, data-driven decisions. The platform provides access to a curated universe of private funds, complete with detailed qualitative profiles that include strategies, performance data, and key contacts. In addition, Dakota Research offers proprietary research, consultant recommendations, presentation decks, and relevant news, helping analysts deepen their due diligence process with actionable insights. By aggregating critical data and streamlining workflows, the platform simplifies the investment process with centralized reporting and intuitive tools. Through combining private market insights, fundraising intelligence, and CRM tools into one cohesive solution, Dakota Research is uniquely designed to meet the specific needs of due diligence analysts. With its emphasis on accuracy and ease of use, Dakota Research delivers unmatched results for professionals navigating the complexities of private fund investing. Preqin Preqin offers a platform of alternative asset data, offering insights into private equity, venture capital, real estate, infrastructure, and other alternative investments. The database is specifically designed to empower private equity professionals with the tools and information they need to make informed decisions in an increasingly competitive market. Preqin’s platform provides access to a collection of private equity fund data, including performance metrics, investment strategies, and historical trends. Users can explore comprehensive profiles of institutional investors, which include investment preferences, historical commitments, and contact details. The platform also offers analytics tools to evaluate market trends, benchmark fund performance, and identify emerging opportunities in the private equity landscape. Additionally, Preqin’s deal-tracking capabilities provide detailed information on deals and exits. With Preqin’s data and analytical tools, it is a resource for private equity analysts seeking to navigate the complexities of alternative investments with precision and confidence. With Intelligence In their words, With Intelligence is a comprehensive platform offering data, intelligence, and networking opportunities to professionals in the alternative asset management industry. Its private equity coverage includes detailed profiles on investors, consultants, managers, funds, searches, and key personnel, providing users with the insights needed for efficient fundraising, asset allocation, and fund servicing. The platform connects users with data and people, facilitating more effective decision-making processes. By using With Intelligence's resources, professionals can streamline their workflows, identify the right prospects, and stay ahead in the competitive landscape of private equity. With Intelligence's approach combines data, analysis, and networking events, making it a tool for those aiming to excel in private equity investment and management. Which Is Right For Yours? Ultimately, the best database for you will align with your team’s goals, whether that’s identifying new investment opportunities, enhancing due diligence processes, or optimizing your fundraising strategy. By understanding the strengths of each platform, you can choose the one that best supports your unique needs and drives your success in the private markets. For Comprehensive Alternative Asset Insights: If you need broad coverage across private equity, venture capital, real estate, and infrastructure, Preqin offers a robust database with detailed performance metrics, investor profiles, and deal-tracking capabilities. It’s ideal for professionals looking to benchmark fund performance and uncover new market opportunities. For Deal Sourcing and Market Intelligence: PitchBook is a trusted resource for private equity professionals who need in-depth data on deals, valuations, and fund activity. Its intuitive interface and advanced analytics make it perfect for those involved in deal sourcing, fundraising, and strategic market analysis. For Streamlined Due Diligence: If you’re a due diligence analyst looking for a centralized, user-friendly platform to simplify research, Dakota Research is designed with your needs in mind. Built by researchers for researchers, it offers proprietary insights, consultant recommendations, and the tools to aggregate critical data—all in one place. For Data-Driven Fundraising and Networking: With Intelligence is ideal for professionals who need more than just data. Its platform combines detailed private equity information with networking opportunities, making it a powerful tool for fundraising, asset allocation, and strategic relationship-building. For more information on private equity funds, book a demo of Dakota Research!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_105_top-10-family-offices-in-texas

{'title': 'Top 10 Family Offices in Texas', 'introduction': "In the world of wealth management, family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These premier advisory entities surpass traditional financial offerings, providing a bespoke management strategy for substantial wealth. As foundational elements in the financial ecosystem, family offices play a crucial role in ensuring the seamless transition of wealth across generations, while catering to the expansive visions and personal ambitions of the world's wealthiest families. For investment management firms, the journey to elevate their fundraising involves the strategic challenge of identifying which family offices are open to discussing new investment opportunities. This endeavor is particularly daunting due to the private and discreet nature of family office operations. Our database, Dakota Marketplace, emerges as a pivotal solution in this context as it is an unparalleled database that sheds light on the intricate world of family offices. Our platform is uniquely positioned to bridge the gap between investment firms and family offices, facilitating direct contact information and engagement with both US and international family offices. In this article we are giving you a list of the top family offices in Texas. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Duncan Family Office AUM: $20,000,000,000 Metro: Houston 2. Hilcorp Ventures AUM: $6,000,000,000 Metro: Houston 3. Mt. Vernon Investments AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 4. Goff Capital AUM: $4,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 5. Hersh Family Investments AUM: $3,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 6. Keystone Group LP AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 7. Camino Partners AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Austin 8. Rosewood Corporation AUM: $$1,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 9. 2M Companies, Inc. AUM: $1,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 10. Deason Capital Services, LLC AUM: $1,500,000,00 Metro: Dallas Dakota Marketplace is not just about simplifying the search for family offices; it's about transforming the approach to investment sales and relationship building in the family office domain. Through enabling direct and effective calling strategies on family offices, we empower investment firms to unlock new opportunities, ensuring a targeted and efficient outreach. Our commitment to all investment management firms is to streamline the fundraising process. By connecting you to the right people, we hope to make it easier for investment firms to achieve their goals while fostering lasting partnerships with the world's most influential family offices.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Top 10 Family Offices in Texas', 'content': "In the world of wealth management, family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These premier advisory entities surpass traditional financial offerings, providing a bespoke management strategy for substantial wealth. As foundational elements in the financial ecosystem, family offices play a crucial role in ensuring the seamless transition of wealth across generations, while catering to the expansive visions and personal ambitions of the world's wealthiest families. For investment management firms, the journey to elevate their fundraising involves the strategic challenge of identifying which family offices are open to discussing new investment opportunities. This endeavor is particularly daunting due to the private and discreet nature of family office operations. Our database, Dakota Marketplace, emerges as a pivotal solution in this context as it is an unparalleled database that sheds light on the intricate world of family offices. Our platform is uniquely positioned to bridge the gap between investment firms and family offices, facilitating direct contact information and engagement with both US and international family offices. In this article we are giving you a list of the top family offices in Texas. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Duncan Family Office AUM: $20,000,000,000 Metro: Houston 2. Hilcorp Ventures AUM: $6,000,000,000 Metro: Houston 3. Mt. Vernon Investments AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 4. Goff Capital AUM: $4,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 5. Hersh Family Investments AUM: $3,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 6. Keystone Group LP AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Dallas 7. Camino Partners AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Austin 8. Rosewood Corporation AUM: $$1,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 9. 2M Companies, Inc. AUM: $1,500,000,000 Metro: Dallas 10. Deason Capital Services, LLC AUM: $1,500,000,00 Metro: Dallas Dakota Marketplace is not just about simplifying the search for family offices; it's about transforming the approach to investment sales and relationship building in the family office domain. Through enabling direct and effective calling strategies on family offices, we empower investment firms to unlock new opportunities, ensuring a targeted and efficient outreach. Our commitment to all investment management firms is to streamline the fundraising process. By connecting you to the right people, we hope to make it easier for investment firms to achieve their goals while fostering lasting partnerships with the world's most influential family offices.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_339_5-of-the-best-investment-sales-training-programs-t

{'title': '5 of the Best Investment Sales Training Programs to Kick Off 2023', 'introduction': "Think of the last time you started a new job. What was your training like? Did you have the resources you needed to hit the ground running? In most cases, no matter how diligent the firm, the answer to this is no. In investment sales, you often only have eighteen months to prove yourself. Eighteen months to learn the ins and outs of a firm, define your goals, and start fundraising. It can be a daunting task, especially if you’re new and just learning how to make an impact; getting your footing in a new job can take every one of those eighteen months. So, how do you ensure that you’re up to the challenge? Outside training is a great option. At Dakota, more than anything, we believe in continuous education and career growth. Since Dakota’s founding in 2006, our team has hired and trained a full team of salespeople who have gone on to have fantastic success. We also know that this is not always the case. When you hire someone, you’re investing in them and their career. No one wants to spend valuable time hiring and training someone, only to lose them in a matter of months. It’s important to invest the time and provide the resources they need to be successful up front. When looking for additions to your sales team, you should be contemplating longevity, and to do that, training is critical. In this post we’re comparing six different sales training programs that could be a fit for your investment sales team. Full disclosure: you’ll see Dakota’s own Rainmaker training course on this list, too, but we’re not here to tell you that it’s the only solution for you. Instead, after reading this article, you’ll have an understanding of how a variety of sales training courses work, what they cost, and what the time commitment looks like, so that you can find the right fit for your team. 1. The Art of Sales: \u200b\u200bMastering the Selling Process Specialization Course overview Through the Art of Sales program, you’ll build many sales that are required for becoming a high-performer in sales. Craig Wortmann, CEO, leads these four courses in this specialization. The course is 100% online, making it completely flexible, and perfect for beginners. At the end of this completely online course, you’ll receive a shareable certificate. The course is 100% online, a flexible schedule, and beginner level. What you’ll learn There are four courses: customer segmentation and prospecting, connecting with sales prospects, sales pitch and closing, and building a toolkit for your sales process. You will move through building the foundation for sales and obtain a new mindset for becoming a high-performer in sales. Moving into the second course you will learn the proper way to run high-impact meetings to separate yourself from others your customer comes into contact with. Through the third course, we touch on presentation skills and branding. Lastly, we’ll bring it all together so you’ll be able to utilize your Sales Toolkit. Time commitment The Art of Sales program is approximately a 4 month duration. They suggest a pace of 3 hours a week. Price You can enroll for free. 2. Dale Carnegie Sales Training: Winning with Relationship Selling Course overview Dale Carneige’s Sales Training program evolves people from using traditional transaction-based to relationship-based sales professionals. His proven selling process involves human relations skills grounded in timeless fundamentals from “How to Win Friends and Influence People”. What you’ll learn It’s important to have a relationship-selling approach that leads to a profitable relationship. Through this course you will learn the importance of a confident attitude when interacting with customers. Not only this, but you’ll also learn how to establish credibility, and communicate your value by focusing on customer-centric solutions. Time commitment This course is self-paced and can be taken as you have time for it. Price The price of this course was not specified. 3. Live IMPACT Selling® Seminar Professional Sales Training Program Course overview IMPACT has repeatable steps in their business sales training program that permits your sales team to meet prospects and customers where they are in the buying process to maintain alignment, build credibility, improve the predictability of your sales funnel, and engage in meaningful dialogue that progresses the sale. What you’ll learn Through this course you will learn about the 6 straightforward learning steps IMPACT has outlines for the selling process. With IMPACT, their simple framework will be easily adapted to reflect your organization’s real-world sales environment. Time commitment This training seminar is over the course of 2 days and can be done virtually, in-person, or even hybrid. Price The price ranges depending on how many IMPACT selling seats you choose: 1 seat is $2,495 2 seats are $4,990 3 seats are $7.485 4 seats are $9,980 4. Morning Brew Accelerator Course overview Through the Morning Brew Accelerator course you will broaden your skill set embracing excelling in a few skills rather than expertise in one. Included are interactive, modern-day case studies, applicable skills and frameworks, intimate peer groups, and engaging events all with an intimate community of professionals across the country. What you’ll learn There are 3 units in this course that cover communicating, operating, and innovating. Communicate like a leader in a crisis and target your message to the right audience, make impactful decisions using financial and business model analysis, and ideate new products using innovation and problem solving frameworks. Time commitment This is an 8-week program. Price The price for this program is $1,499 and will increase to $1,599 on November 21st, 2021. 5. Dakota Rainmaker Course overview Dakota Rainmaker is an investment sales training course that compiles fifteen years of investment sales experience and distills it down into four modules. The course is designed for new investment salespeople, and helps to outlines the industry-specific systems, processes, and procedures needed to grow an investment firm. What you’ll learn With Dakota Rainmaker, you'll learn the four principles of Sales the Dakota Way. The course is broken into four modules, including: Setting Expectations Knowing Who to Call On Presentation Training Creating a Follow-Up System Time commitment Dakota Rainmaker is completely online and self-paced, and includes seven hours of investment sales training content. Price Dakota Rainmaker is free for Dakota Members, and $1,500 for non-members. Which sales training program is right for you? While all of the courses offer valuable insights and information, it depends on the needs and goals of your firm. Here are a few things to consider as you start to weigh your sales training options. If you... Are looking for a more general, sales-focused program, with little time or price commitment required, then The Art of Sales is a great first step as you test the waters of sales training. Have a bit more of a budget and want to dive into a live, structured course, Morning Brew Accelerator might be just the thing you're looking for. Looking for an investment sales-specific course, are a Dakota Member, or are ready to invest in a self-paced course, Dakota Rainmaker could be the solution for you.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '5 of the Best Investment Sales Training Programs to Kick Off 2023', 'content': "Think of the last time you started a new job. What was your training like? Did you have the resources you needed to hit the ground running? In most cases, no matter how diligent the firm, the answer to this is no. In investment sales, you often only have eighteen months to prove yourself. Eighteen months to learn the ins and outs of a firm, define your goals, and start fundraising. It can be a daunting task, especially if you’re new and just learning how to make an impact; getting your footing in a new job can take every one of those eighteen months. So, how do you ensure that you’re up to the challenge? Outside training is a great option. At Dakota, more than anything, we believe in continuous education and career growth. Since Dakota’s founding in 2006, our team has hired and trained a full team of salespeople who have gone on to have fantastic success. We also know that this is not always the case. When you hire someone, you’re investing in them and their career. No one wants to spend valuable time hiring and training someone, only to lose them in a matter of months. It’s important to invest the time and provide the resources they need to be successful up front. When looking for additions to your sales team, you should be contemplating longevity, and to do that, training is critical. In this post we’re comparing six different sales training programs that could be a fit for your investment sales team. Full disclosure: you’ll see Dakota’s own Rainmaker training course on this list, too, but we’re not here to tell you that it’s the only solution for you. Instead, after reading this article, you’ll have an understanding of how a variety of sales training courses work, what they cost, and what the time commitment looks like, so that you can find the right fit for your team. 1. The Art of Sales: \u200b\u200bMastering the Selling Process Specialization Course overview Through the Art of Sales program, you’ll build many sales that are required for becoming a high-performer in sales. Craig Wortmann, CEO, leads these four courses in this specialization. The course is 100% online, making it completely flexible, and perfect for beginners. At the end of this completely online course, you’ll receive a shareable certificate. The course is 100% online, a flexible schedule, and beginner level. What you’ll learn There are four courses: customer segmentation and prospecting, connecting with sales prospects, sales pitch and closing, and building a toolkit for your sales process. You will move through building the foundation for sales and obtain a new mindset for becoming a high-performer in sales. Moving into the second course you will learn the proper way to run high-impact meetings to separate yourself from others your customer comes into contact with. Through the third course, we touch on presentation skills and branding. Lastly, we’ll bring it all together so you’ll be able to utilize your Sales Toolkit. Time commitment The Art of Sales program is approximately a 4 month duration. They suggest a pace of 3 hours a week. Price You can enroll for free. 2. Dale Carnegie Sales Training: Winning with Relationship Selling Course overview Dale Carneige’s Sales Training program evolves people from using traditional transaction-based to relationship-based sales professionals. His proven selling process involves human relations skills grounded in timeless fundamentals from “How to Win Friends and Influence People”. What you’ll learn It’s important to have a relationship-selling approach that leads to a profitable relationship. Through this course you will learn the importance of a confident attitude when interacting with customers. Not only this, but you’ll also learn how to establish credibility, and communicate your value by focusing on customer-centric solutions. Time commitment This course is self-paced and can be taken as you have time for it. Price The price of this course was not specified. 3. Live IMPACT Selling® Seminar Professional Sales Training Program Course overview IMPACT has repeatable steps in their business sales training program that permits your sales team to meet prospects and customers where they are in the buying process to maintain alignment, build credibility, improve the predictability of your sales funnel, and engage in meaningful dialogue that progresses the sale. What you’ll learn Through this course you will learn about the 6 straightforward learning steps IMPACT has outlines for the selling process. With IMPACT, their simple framework will be easily adapted to reflect your organization’s real-world sales environment. Time commitment This training seminar is over the course of 2 days and can be done virtually, in-person, or even hybrid. Price The price ranges depending on how many IMPACT selling seats you choose: 1 seat is $2,495 2 seats are $4,990 3 seats are $7.485 4 seats are $9,980 4. Morning Brew Accelerator Course overview Through the Morning Brew Accelerator course you will broaden your skill set embracing excelling in a few skills rather than expertise in one. Included are interactive, modern-day case studies, applicable skills and frameworks, intimate peer groups, and engaging events all with an intimate community of professionals across the country. What you’ll learn There are 3 units in this course that cover communicating, operating, and innovating. Communicate like a leader in a crisis and target your message to the right audience, make impactful decisions using financial and business model analysis, and ideate new products using innovation and problem solving frameworks. Time commitment This is an 8-week program. Price The price for this program is $1,499 and will increase to $1,599 on November 21st, 2021. 5. Dakota Rainmaker Course overview Dakota Rainmaker is an investment sales training course that compiles fifteen years of investment sales experience and distills it down into four modules. The course is designed for new investment salespeople, and helps to outlines the industry-specific systems, processes, and procedures needed to grow an investment firm. What you’ll learn With Dakota Rainmaker, you'll learn the four principles of Sales the Dakota Way. The course is broken into four modules, including: Setting Expectations Knowing Who to Call On Presentation Training Creating a Follow-Up System Time commitment Dakota Rainmaker is completely online and self-paced, and includes seven hours of investment sales training content. Price Dakota Rainmaker is free for Dakota Members, and $1,500 for non-members. Which sales training program is right for you? While all of the courses offer valuable insights and information, it depends on the needs and goals of your firm. Here are a few things to consider as you start to weigh your sales training options. If you... Are looking for a more general, sales-focused program, with little time or price commitment required, then The Art of Sales is a great first step as you test the waters of sales training. Have a bit more of a budget and want to dive into a live, structured course, Morning Brew Accelerator might be just the thing you're looking for. Looking for an investment sales-specific course, are a Dakota Member, or are ready to invest in a self-paced course, Dakota Rainmaker could be the solution for you.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_384_choosing-the-right-institutional-investor-database

{'title': 'Choosing the Right Institutional Investor Database: 4 Key Considerations', 'introduction': 'If you’re constantly scrambling to find people — the right people — to call on and set meetings with, you’re not alone. We’ve all felt the pressure to ramp up outreach and calls and close more business. The only question, of course, is how you get there. In the investment industry, the answer is often an institutional investor database. If you’re looking for a regular source of qualified leads, a database is the way to go. At Dakota, we know that first hand. Since 2006 we’ve raised over $35 billion in capital for our partners. While that is a big number, the path to it wasn’t always easy. We didn’t always know who to call on, and spent countless hours researching for new contacts, or tracking down old ones. It was tedious, to put it mildly. Which is why, in 2019, we put all that information into a database of our own: Dakota Marketplace. We’re not here to say that Dakota Marketplace has the answers to all of your fundraising problems, but we do think we can help. Exploring your institutional investor database options is a great first step to increasing your lead source and meeting those fundraising goals. In this post, we’ll break down the four things to consider when you’re subscribing to a database. By the end, you’ll know exactly what to look for as you make a decision. 1. Focus on quality over quantity When it comes to data, quality is almost always more important than quantity. If a database is offering hundreds of thousands of contacts, but you can only put a handful of them to use, it’s really not giving you that much to work with. When you’re considering an institutional investor database, data integrity is critical. You want that database to be a source of leads, not another headache, or worse, a waste of your time. It’s important that the data within a database is accurate and helpful to your firm’s specific needs. We recommend thinking about about quality in three different ways: The completeness of the dataset. Is it complete and thorough across all channels? For example, is it covering the channels you work in? A more generic database will include a variety of channels, including public pensions, foundations, endowments, RIAs, and others. If you are looking for information on a specific channel, it’s important to know early on if it’s included in a potential database subscription. The frequency of the updates to the data. How regularly is the contact and account information updated? This will help determine how much involvement your team will need to have with data upkeep. If titles, roles, and jobs aren’t being regularly updated, they will have to step in and manually update it, meaning more internal work. New additions to the dataset. Is the database added to regularly? Sales people need a constant source of leads, so the database should be able to grow with you and your team, meaning that new data is added on a regular basis. At the end of the day, inaccurate and incomplete data not only slows you down, but costs you money. 2. Keep in mind that the interface should be user-friendly If the sales team is the primary user of the database, it should be easy for them to use. This means the database interface should make it easy for your team to find what they’re looking for without wasting time. Even if you have the right data, if you can’t easily access, review, and report on it, you are still only halfway there. Not only do you need really accurate data, you need the interface to be well built and easy to use so that you can find what you’re looking for very quickly. At the end of the day, an interface that’s easy to use will save your team time, letting them focus on setting and holding more meetings with the right people. If a database needs a lot of intervention from your IT team, it might not be the ideal solution for you. Knowing that a system is user-friendly and meets the needs and capabilities of your team is critical in moving forward with any new product, but especially one that directly relates to sales. 3. Realize that the author of the data matters Do you know who is uploading the data into the platforms you’re looking into? This could mean the difference between accurate and updated data and incorrect data, which makes a big difference for the sales team. Who is supplying the data, and is it curated? The supplier of industry data should have domain expertise within the investment world. Without this knowledge, you don’t know how reliable it is, or how old or new it is. So how can you identify that you have a reliable author for a database? One question to ask is whether the data is being pulled in by web scrapers, or found by other industry professionals. If the answer is web scrapers, there is the potential for inaccuracy. If it’s being updated by an in-house team, it is likely being done more carefully, and therefore leaving less room for error. 4. Ancillary account information is just as important as contact information When it comes to institutional investor databases, it’s not just the accounts and contacts that matter, but the detail surrounding them. Investment preferences and account descriptions makes any salesperson’s job easier. Account information helps to provide insight on how an account invests their capital, and helps determine if a firm is the right fit. Is there a detailed and proprietary account and platform description? Is there an investment platform description, as well as detailed investment preferences? This knowledge is intentionally designed to shorten the time it takes your sales team to learn about a particular account. Choosing the right institutional investor database Now that you know the four key areas of a database to focus on, you should be able to move forward in your decision making process, but as it’s a broad field with a lot of options, we realize you might still have some more specific questions. We might just be able to answer them in this prior article that details questions to ask before you buy or subscribe to a database. At the end of the day, a database should provide your team with leads, and save you the administrative time and effort of researching who to call on.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Choosing the Right Institutional Investor Database: 4 Key Considerations', 'content': 'If you’re constantly scrambling to find people — the right people — to call on and set meetings with, you’re not alone. We’ve all felt the pressure to ramp up outreach and calls and close more business. The only question, of course, is how you get there. In the investment industry, the answer is often an institutional investor database. If you’re looking for a regular source of qualified leads, a database is the way to go. At Dakota, we know that first hand. Since 2006 we’ve raised over $35 billion in capital for our partners. While that is a big number, the path to it wasn’t always easy. We didn’t always know who to call on, and spent countless hours researching for new contacts, or tracking down old ones. It was tedious, to put it mildly. Which is why, in 2019, we put all that information into a database of our own: Dakota Marketplace. We’re not here to say that Dakota Marketplace has the answers to all of your fundraising problems, but we do think we can help. Exploring your institutional investor database options is a great first step to increasing your lead source and meeting those fundraising goals. In this post, we’ll break down the four things to consider when you’re subscribing to a database. By the end, you’ll know exactly what to look for as you make a decision. 1. Focus on quality over quantity When it comes to data, quality is almost always more important than quantity. If a database is offering hundreds of thousands of contacts, but you can only put a handful of them to use, it’s really not giving you that much to work with. When you’re considering an institutional investor database, data integrity is critical. You want that database to be a source of leads, not another headache, or worse, a waste of your time. It’s important that the data within a database is accurate and helpful to your firm’s specific needs. We recommend thinking about about quality in three different ways: The completeness of the dataset. Is it complete and thorough across all channels? For example, is it covering the channels you work in? A more generic database will include a variety of channels, including public pensions, foundations, endowments, RIAs, and others. If you are looking for information on a specific channel, it’s important to know early on if it’s included in a potential database subscription. The frequency of the updates to the data. How regularly is the contact and account information updated? This will help determine how much involvement your team will need to have with data upkeep. If titles, roles, and jobs aren’t being regularly updated, they will have to step in and manually update it, meaning more internal work. New additions to the dataset. Is the database added to regularly? Sales people need a constant source of leads, so the database should be able to grow with you and your team, meaning that new data is added on a regular basis. At the end of the day, inaccurate and incomplete data not only slows you down, but costs you money. 2. Keep in mind that the interface should be user-friendly If the sales team is the primary user of the database, it should be easy for them to use. This means the database interface should make it easy for your team to find what they’re looking for without wasting time. Even if you have the right data, if you can’t easily access, review, and report on it, you are still only halfway there. Not only do you need really accurate data, you need the interface to be well built and easy to use so that you can find what you’re looking for very quickly. At the end of the day, an interface that’s easy to use will save your team time, letting them focus on setting and holding more meetings with the right people. If a database needs a lot of intervention from your IT team, it might not be the ideal solution for you. Knowing that a system is user-friendly and meets the needs and capabilities of your team is critical in moving forward with any new product, but especially one that directly relates to sales. 3. Realize that the author of the data matters Do you know who is uploading the data into the platforms you’re looking into? This could mean the difference between accurate and updated data and incorrect data, which makes a big difference for the sales team. Who is supplying the data, and is it curated? The supplier of industry data should have domain expertise within the investment world. Without this knowledge, you don’t know how reliable it is, or how old or new it is. So how can you identify that you have a reliable author for a database? One question to ask is whether the data is being pulled in by web scrapers, or found by other industry professionals. If the answer is web scrapers, there is the potential for inaccuracy. If it’s being updated by an in-house team, it is likely being done more carefully, and therefore leaving less room for error. 4. Ancillary account information is just as important as contact information When it comes to institutional investor databases, it’s not just the accounts and contacts that matter, but the detail surrounding them. Investment preferences and account descriptions makes any salesperson’s job easier. Account information helps to provide insight on how an account invests their capital, and helps determine if a firm is the right fit. Is there a detailed and proprietary account and platform description? Is there an investment platform description, as well as detailed investment preferences? This knowledge is intentionally designed to shorten the time it takes your sales team to learn about a particular account. Choosing the right institutional investor database Now that you know the four key areas of a database to focus on, you should be able to move forward in your decision making process, but as it’s a broad field with a lot of options, we realize you might still have some more specific questions. We might just be able to answer them in this prior article that details questions to ask before you buy or subscribe to a database. At the end of the day, a database should provide your team with leads, and save you the administrative time and effort of researching who to call on.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_114_investment-rfps-announced-in-june-2024

{'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in June 2024', 'introduction': "As the financial landscape continues to evolve, staying informed about new investment opportunities is crucial. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of Request for Proposals (RFPs) that were issued in the month of June from various sectors, including Private Equity, Private Credit, Real Estate, Hedge Funds, US and Global Equities, Emerging Market Equities, and US Fixed Income. Notable RFPs include the Border to Coast (LGPS Pool)'s $1 billion allocation for a Global Multi-factor Equity Index Fund, the Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund's substantial $330 million for Emerging Market Equity ex-China, and the State Universities Retirement System of Illinois' significant $250 million for Equity Short Extension Strategies. Whether you are an investor, consultant, or financial services provider, these opportunities present a chance to explore and potentially capitalize on new investment avenues. Dive into the details, adhere to the deadlines, and position yourself strategically in the competitive market. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of RFPs that were issued in the month of June from various sectors including Private Equity, Infrastructure, Real Estate, US and International Equities, and Fixed Income. To learn more information or see our Dakota Marketplace Searches, click here! Private Equity Norwood Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $15,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $20,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 28, 2024 Private Credit Plymouth County Retirement Association Asset Class: Direct Lending Amount: $20,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Quincy Retirement System Asset Class: Direct Lending Amount: $4,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Real Estate Mass PRIM Asset Class: U.S. REIT Amount: Not Disclosed Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 28, 2024 Bristol County Retirement System Asset Class: Core/Core Plus Amount: $45,000,000 Consultant: Segal Marco Deadline: July 24, 2024 Hedge Funds State Universities Retirement System of Illinois Asset Class: Equity Short Extension Strategies Amount: $250,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: July 12, 2024 US Equities City of Hialeah Firefighters Pension Fund Asset Class: SMID Cap Core Amount: $7,500,000 Consultant: Dahab Deadline: July 23, 2024 Pembroke Pines Fire and Police Officers' Pension Fund Asset Class: Mid Cap Equity Amount: $35,000,000 Consultant: Dahab Deadline: August 2, 2024 Global Equity Border to Coast (LGPS Pool) Asset Class: Global Multi-factor Equity Index Fund Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: Mercer Deadline: August 1, 2024 Emerging Market Equities Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund Asset Class: Emerging Market Equity ex-China Amount: $330,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 16, 2024 US Fixed Income Medford Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: Core Fixed Income Amount: $25,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: June 21, 2024 Watertown Retirement System Asset Class: High Yield Fixed Income Amount: $6,000,000 Consultant: Fiducient Deadline: July 2, 2024 Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Asset Class: U.S. Long Treasury Index Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: July 12, 2024 To learn more about Dakota Marketplace, start a free trial today!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in June 2024', 'content': "As the financial landscape continues to evolve, staying informed about new investment opportunities is crucial. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of Request for Proposals (RFPs) that were issued in the month of June from various sectors, including Private Equity, Private Credit, Real Estate, Hedge Funds, US and Global Equities, Emerging Market Equities, and US Fixed Income. Notable RFPs include the Border to Coast (LGPS Pool)'s $1 billion allocation for a Global Multi-factor Equity Index Fund, the Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund's substantial $330 million for Emerging Market Equity ex-China, and the State Universities Retirement System of Illinois' significant $250 million for Equity Short Extension Strategies. Whether you are an investor, consultant, or financial services provider, these opportunities present a chance to explore and potentially capitalize on new investment avenues. Dive into the details, adhere to the deadlines, and position yourself strategically in the competitive market. In this blog, we bring you a comprehensive list of RFPs that were issued in the month of June from various sectors including Private Equity, Infrastructure, Real Estate, US and International Equities, and Fixed Income. To learn more information or see our Dakota Marketplace Searches, click here! Private Equity Norwood Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $15,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency Retirement System Asset Class: PE Fund of Funds Amount: $20,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 28, 2024 Private Credit Plymouth County Retirement Association Asset Class: Direct Lending Amount: $20,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Quincy Retirement System Asset Class: Direct Lending Amount: $4,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 21, 2024 Real Estate Mass PRIM Asset Class: U.S. REIT Amount: Not Disclosed Consultant: Meketa Deadline: June 28, 2024 Bristol County Retirement System Asset Class: Core/Core Plus Amount: $45,000,000 Consultant: Segal Marco Deadline: July 24, 2024 Hedge Funds State Universities Retirement System of Illinois Asset Class: Equity Short Extension Strategies Amount: $250,000,000 Consultant: Meketa Deadline: July 12, 2024 US Equities City of Hialeah Firefighters Pension Fund Asset Class: SMID Cap Core Amount: $7,500,000 Consultant: Dahab Deadline: July 23, 2024 Pembroke Pines Fire and Police Officers' Pension Fund Asset Class: Mid Cap Equity Amount: $35,000,000 Consultant: Dahab Deadline: August 2, 2024 Global Equity Border to Coast (LGPS Pool) Asset Class: Global Multi-factor Equity Index Fund Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: Mercer Deadline: August 1, 2024 Emerging Market Equities Illinois Police Officers Pension Fund Asset Class: Emerging Market Equity ex-China Amount: $330,000,000 Consultant: Verus Deadline: August 16, 2024 US Fixed Income Medford Contributory Retirement System Asset Class: Core Fixed Income Amount: $25,000,000 Consultant: NEPC Deadline: June 21, 2024 Watertown Retirement System Asset Class: High Yield Fixed Income Amount: $6,000,000 Consultant: Fiducient Deadline: July 2, 2024 Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Asset Class: U.S. Long Treasury Index Amount: $1,000,000,000 Consultant: RVK Deadline: July 12, 2024 To learn more about Dakota Marketplace, start a free trial today!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_273_q3-13f-etf-product-trends

{'title': 'Q3 13F ETF Product Trends', 'introduction': 'With the 3rd quarter 13F filing window now closed, Marketplace was tracking 3250 ETFs from 300 sponsors via the filings, which has grown from the close of Q2 when 3010 individual ETFs from 255 sponsors were being tracked.  For the quarter this amounts to over 33 thousand individual positions which are linked to an allocator inside of Marketplace. Some stats at the end of the quarter which caught our attention: The universe of actively managed strategies grew to 1,021 actively managed ETFs. Almost 30% of ETFs are now actively managed.  Continued conversions from ’40 act and active bond ETF launches continue to move the active needle.  For the year, 60% of launched strategies are active ETFs with a focus on fixed-income funds. 116 individual managers launched strategies with the most coming from Bond Bloxx launching 19 funds, followed by the largest issuer of leveraged strategies Direxion at 17 funds and BlackRock /Ishares with 13 funds. Single stock ETF filings were all the rage in Q2, however during Q3 over 130 of these launches were withdrawn as the SEC deemed these as carrying too much investor risk. For the year we have seen 319 new ETFs brought to market.  This pace is matching the 334 ETFs that rolled out in the first three quarters of 2021.  This data shows us that no matter what the market conditions, asset managers continue to bring solutions to market for allocators. Capital Group, Neuberger Berman and Alliance Bernstein, were all major investment managers that entered the ETF market for the first time with actively managed funds. Peeling back the onion a bit on the actively managed strategies, we did not see outsized momentum build for the ANT/active non-transparent structure.  Year to date, only 55 ETFs of the 1,021 active funds are using the active non-transparent wrapper, while the majority continue to go the active transparent route. Looking at ETF closures, this is higher than last year’s count with 115 ETFs liquidated so far in 2022 VS 79 last year. Many of these closed strategies were in small sub-asset/niche areas.  When ETFs are liquidated, characteristics such as AUM, trading activity, size of the peer group, rank in the group are all factors when ETFs are de-listed.  Unlike mutual funds, performance is not considered.  In the mutual fund/managed account world we tend to follow the performance, process and track records of specific PM teams. This does not occur to the same degree in the ETF space much when it comes to inflows. Comparing the 13F data of performance VS flows, the ETFs which had the largest Q3 net flows were more portfolio building block allocations, VS the top performers were thematic or shorter term in nature.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Q3 13F ETF Product Trends', 'content': 'With the 3rd quarter 13F filing window now closed, Marketplace was tracking 3250 ETFs from 300 sponsors via the filings, which has grown from the close of Q2 when 3010 individual ETFs from 255 sponsors were being tracked.  For the quarter this amounts to over 33 thousand individual positions which are linked to an allocator inside of Marketplace. Some stats at the end of the quarter which caught our attention: The universe of actively managed strategies grew to 1,021 actively managed ETFs. Almost 30% of ETFs are now actively managed.  Continued conversions from ’40 act and active bond ETF launches continue to move the active needle.  For the year, 60% of launched strategies are active ETFs with a focus on fixed-income funds. 116 individual managers launched strategies with the most coming from Bond Bloxx launching 19 funds, followed by the largest issuer of leveraged strategies Direxion at 17 funds and BlackRock /Ishares with 13 funds. Single stock ETF filings were all the rage in Q2, however during Q3 over 130 of these launches were withdrawn as the SEC deemed these as carrying too much investor risk. For the year we have seen 319 new ETFs brought to market.  This pace is matching the 334 ETFs that rolled out in the first three quarters of 2021.  This data shows us that no matter what the market conditions, asset managers continue to bring solutions to market for allocators. Capital Group, Neuberger Berman and Alliance Bernstein, were all major investment managers that entered the ETF market for the first time with actively managed funds. Peeling back the onion a bit on the actively managed strategies, we did not see outsized momentum build for the ANT/active non-transparent structure.  Year to date, only 55 ETFs of the 1,021 active funds are using the active non-transparent wrapper, while the majority continue to go the active transparent route. Looking at ETF closures, this is higher than last year’s count with 115 ETFs liquidated so far in 2022 VS 79 last year. Many of these closed strategies were in small sub-asset/niche areas.  When ETFs are liquidated, characteristics such as AUM, trading activity, size of the peer group, rank in the group are all factors when ETFs are de-listed.  Unlike mutual funds, performance is not considered.  In the mutual fund/managed account world we tend to follow the performance, process and track records of specific PM teams. This does not occur to the same degree in the ETF space much when it comes to inflows. Comparing the 13F data of performance VS flows, the ETFs which had the largest Q3 net flows were more portfolio building block allocations, VS the top performers were thematic or shorter term in nature.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_356_the-top-10-largest-public-pension-allocations-to-p

{'title': 'The Top 10 Largest Public Pension Allocations to Private Real Estate of 2021', 'introduction': "Staying up-to-date on where public pension funds are making their investments can be a critical part of an investment salesperson’s day to day. However, it can also be an incredibly time consuming task, given the sheer number of pension funds across the country. At Dakota, we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have raised over $40B for our partners in that time. We’ve made it part of our DNA to stay on top of public pension fund investments, and we want to help make these updates as accessible to our peers as possible. In this article, we’re going to dive into ten of the largest public pension allocations made to Private Real Estate so far this year. By the end of this list, you’ll have a good jumping off point to better understand where funds are being allocated within the Private Real Estate space. 1. New York State Common Retirement Fund: $247,700,000,000 Investment Strategies: LaSalle US Property Fund: $300,000,000 KKR Real Estate Partners Americas III: $300,000,000 Black Creek Industrial Fund: $300,000,000 Blackstone BioMed Life Science Real Estate Partners: $300,000,000 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities VIII: $200,000,000 Exeter Europe Logistics Value Fund IV: $200,000,000 Kayne Anderson Real Estate Partners VI: $150,000,000 Mandrake Capital Real Estate Fund: $15,000,000 Brasa Credit II: $15,000,000 Roxborough Fund III: $10,000,000 Empire GCM RE Anchor Fund: $10,000,000 2. Texas County & District Retirement System: $38,112,000,000 Investment strategies: FPA Core Plus Fund V: $125,000,000 Carlyle Realty Partners IX: $125,000,000 FCP Realty Partners IX: $125,000,000 Taconic Commercial Real Estate Dislocation III Fund: $100,000,000 SRE Opportunity Fund IV: $100,000,000 Victory European Real Estate Fund II: $65,000,000 Roxborough Fund III: $45,000,000 Whitman/Peterson IV: $9,425,000 3. Teacher Retirement System of Texas: $180,523,000,000 Investment strategies: Starwood Distressed Opportunity XII: $200,000,000 Camden Multifamily Core Fund: $108,726,713 Apollo Alamo RA: $100,000,000 CBRE Strategic Partners IX Tiger: $100,000,000 BREP Texas Trinity Fund: $100,000,000 Brockton Capital Fund III Sidecar A: $42,662,392 Pennybacker EIV: $25,000,000 4. Florida State Board of Administration: $250,526,000,000 Investment strategies: Heitman Global II: $200,000,000 Blackrock US CRE Debt Fund: $200,000,000 Carlyle Property Investors: $150,000,000 RREEF Core Plus Industrial Fund: $120,000,000 CBRE AVP V Japan Co: $100,000,000 Heitman Value Partners V: $75,000,000 Invesco Strategic Opportunities III Co-investment: $40,000,000 5. Los Angeles City of Employees' Retirement System: $22,507,000,000 Investment strategies: Brookfield Strategic Real Estate Partners IV-B: $50,000,000 GLP Capital Partners IV: $40,000,000 Wolff Credit Partners III: $35,000,000 Kayne Anderson Core Real Estate: $25,000,000 Clarion Lion Industrial Trust: $25,000,000 6. Montana Board of Investments: $14,549,000,000 Investment strategies: Bell Core Fund I: $80,000,000 Centerbridge Real Estate Value Fund II: $50,000,000 Fidelity Real Estate High Income Fund: $30,000,000 Sterling Logistics Properties Fund I: $25,000,000 7. Fairfax County Educational Employees' Supplementary Retirement System: $3,188,000,000 Investment strategies: IDR Core Property Index Fund LLC: $30,700,000 IPI Partners II: $13,500,000 Atlas Capital Investors VI: $13,500,000 Centerbridge Real Estate Value Fund II: $13,000,000 8. Connecticut Retirement Plans and Trust Funds: $45,000,000,000 Investment strategies: Carlyle Realty Partners IX: $180,000,000 Basis Investment Group Real Estate Fund II: $125,000,000 Covenant Apartment Fund X: $75,000,000 Rubicon First Ascent: $50,000,000 9. Texas Municipal Retirement System: $34,549,000,000 Investment strategies: Transwestern Strategic Partners Fund III: $100,000,000 Platform Ventures RE Strategies V: $100,000,000 Virtus Real Estate Capital III: $25,000,000 10. State Universities Retirement System of Illinois: $19,600,000,000 Investment strategies: Carlyle Property Investors: $100,000,000 Platform Ventures RE Strategies V: $100,000,000 Basis Investment Group Real Estate Fund II: $50,000,000", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Top 10 Largest Public Pension Allocations to Private Real Estate of 2021', 'content': "Staying up-to-date on where public pension funds are making their investments can be a critical part of an investment salesperson’s day to day. However, it can also be an incredibly time consuming task, given the sheer number of pension funds across the country. At Dakota, we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have raised over $40B for our partners in that time. We’ve made it part of our DNA to stay on top of public pension fund investments, and we want to help make these updates as accessible to our peers as possible. In this article, we’re going to dive into ten of the largest public pension allocations made to Private Real Estate so far this year. By the end of this list, you’ll have a good jumping off point to better understand where funds are being allocated within the Private Real Estate space. 1. New York State Common Retirement Fund: $247,700,000,000 Investment Strategies: LaSalle US Property Fund: $300,000,000 KKR Real Estate Partners Americas III: $300,000,000 Black Creek Industrial Fund: $300,000,000 Blackstone BioMed Life Science Real Estate Partners: $300,000,000 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities VIII: $200,000,000 Exeter Europe Logistics Value Fund IV: $200,000,000 Kayne Anderson Real Estate Partners VI: $150,000,000 Mandrake Capital Real Estate Fund: $15,000,000 Brasa Credit II: $15,000,000 Roxborough Fund III: $10,000,000 Empire GCM RE Anchor Fund: $10,000,000 2. Texas County & District Retirement System: $38,112,000,000 Investment strategies: FPA Core Plus Fund V: $125,000,000 Carlyle Realty Partners IX: $125,000,000 FCP Realty Partners IX: $125,000,000 Taconic Commercial Real Estate Dislocation III Fund: $100,000,000 SRE Opportunity Fund IV: $100,000,000 Victory European Real Estate Fund II: $65,000,000 Roxborough Fund III: $45,000,000 Whitman/Peterson IV: $9,425,000 3. Teacher Retirement System of Texas: $180,523,000,000 Investment strategies: Starwood Distressed Opportunity XII: $200,000,000 Camden Multifamily Core Fund: $108,726,713 Apollo Alamo RA: $100,000,000 CBRE Strategic Partners IX Tiger: $100,000,000 BREP Texas Trinity Fund: $100,000,000 Brockton Capital Fund III Sidecar A: $42,662,392 Pennybacker EIV: $25,000,000 4. Florida State Board of Administration: $250,526,000,000 Investment strategies: Heitman Global II: $200,000,000 Blackrock US CRE Debt Fund: $200,000,000 Carlyle Property Investors: $150,000,000 RREEF Core Plus Industrial Fund: $120,000,000 CBRE AVP V Japan Co: $100,000,000 Heitman Value Partners V: $75,000,000 Invesco Strategic Opportunities III Co-investment: $40,000,000 5. Los Angeles City of Employees' Retirement System: $22,507,000,000 Investment strategies: Brookfield Strategic Real Estate Partners IV-B: $50,000,000 GLP Capital Partners IV: $40,000,000 Wolff Credit Partners III: $35,000,000 Kayne Anderson Core Real Estate: $25,000,000 Clarion Lion Industrial Trust: $25,000,000 6. Montana Board of Investments: $14,549,000,000 Investment strategies: Bell Core Fund I: $80,000,000 Centerbridge Real Estate Value Fund II: $50,000,000 Fidelity Real Estate High Income Fund: $30,000,000 Sterling Logistics Properties Fund I: $25,000,000 7. Fairfax County Educational Employees' Supplementary Retirement System: $3,188,000,000 Investment strategies: IDR Core Property Index Fund LLC: $30,700,000 IPI Partners II: $13,500,000 Atlas Capital Investors VI: $13,500,000 Centerbridge Real Estate Value Fund II: $13,000,000 8. Connecticut Retirement Plans and Trust Funds: $45,000,000,000 Investment strategies: Carlyle Realty Partners IX: $180,000,000 Basis Investment Group Real Estate Fund II: $125,000,000 Covenant Apartment Fund X: $75,000,000 Rubicon First Ascent: $50,000,000 9. Texas Municipal Retirement System: $34,549,000,000 Investment strategies: Transwestern Strategic Partners Fund III: $100,000,000 Platform Ventures RE Strategies V: $100,000,000 Virtus Real Estate Capital III: $25,000,000 10. State Universities Retirement System of Illinois: $19,600,000,000 Investment strategies: Carlyle Property Investors: $100,000,000 Platform Ventures RE Strategies V: $100,000,000 Basis Investment Group Real Estate Fund II: $50,000,000", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_266_q3-2022-13f-etf-equity-only-sub-asset-class-flow-t

{'title': 'Q3 2022 13F ETF Equity-Only Sub-Asset Class Flow Trends', 'introduction': 'Last update we took a high level look at the asset class level filings and flows into ETFs during Q3, and also compared them mutual fund structure flows. The data showed divergent trends which told us that structure does impact flows, and it is not always purely about asset allocation decisions. An example of this was in US equities during Q3, the mutual fund flows showed sizeable outflows during the quarter however the flows into ETF packaged non-US equities more than made up for this and meant a net-positive for the quarter. Drilling down into the Q3 equity sub-asset class flows/filings, allocators were dealing with an indecisive market across the board. Equity markets started the quarter by recovering from earlier declines, but was quickly upended by the Fed’s unsettlingly sharp interest rate increases and an extraordinary hawkish turn in policymaker rhetoric at Jackson Hole aka the “Pain” speech from Powell. Performance wise, domestic Small Cap was the relative outperformer in Q3 2022 despite falling (-2.2%) during the quarter, commodities gave up some of their YTD lead of over 20% even after posting a (-10.3%) return in Q3, and EM equities took the biggest hit (-11.4%) over the quarter for a YTD decline of nearly (-27%). Asset class performance however is not always correlated to flows as this quarter’s data showed us. Despite the environment that persisted, equities maintained the majority share of ETF assets at 67%. Chart 1 Asset Class Market Share Q2 - all packaged product Market Share Q3 - all packaged product Allocation 5.89 5.84 Alternative 0.78 0.86 Commodities 0.86 0.78 International Equity 14.84 14.12 Miscellaneous 0.32 0.35 Municipal Bond 3.90 3.93 Nontraditional Equity 0.24 0.26 Sector Equity 5.10 5.01 Taxable Bond 21.46 21.80 US Equity 46.61 47.06 Under the surface however, a few trends stood out: Allocators continued to shift from equity funds into equity ETFs across US equity, intl, and the non-traditional categories.  One of the factors were that many funds were making preliminary cap gain announcements and allocators shifted to ETFs as a place holder. Commodity tracking outflows continued as price pressures came off the boil. Sector specific equities continue to struggle across funds and ETFs, specifically pulling away from real estate, tech and health care.  We have seen this trend persist for over a year. Chart 2 Vehicle Comparison Q2 vs Q3 Net FlowsQ2 - MUTUAL FUNDS Net FlowsQ3 - MUTUAL FUNDS Net FlowsQ2 - ETF-13f Net FlowsQ3 - ETF- 13f US Equity (41,808,504,422) (57,938,029,495) 38,034,591,508 59,601,849,056 Sector Equity (7,397,143,449) (9,001,063,578) (19,642,936,918) (11,556,402,846) International Equity (31,511,151,167) (18,079,300,585) 15,943,191,251 3,416,782,102 Commodities 1,729,418,641 (875,932,087) (4,396,432,769) (12,564,338,763) Nontraditional Equity 2,014,485,288 1,084,070,682 5,179,528,466 5,345,145,825 Looking across the equity sub-asset classes and then comparing the structure specific data was the most interesting data: A very pronounced increase in ETF allocations into the large blend bucket after a two back-to-back quarters of negative flows.  Funds however did not see flows reverse. Large divergence in large cap growth, as ETFs continued to build on positive net flows, however it was not large enough to offset the $23 B outflow reported in mutual funds with tax loss selling making an impact. Continued allocations into non-US equity ETFs via foreign large blend, again reversing the trends we saw in the first half of the year.  This mirrors what we have seen on the public pension commitments as well, with international seeing consistent flows this qtr. Income, income, income continues to be sought in equities with strong flows in the large cap value and derivative income/cov call categories. Honorable mention goes to EM equities, while they were some of the worst performing during the quarter, the EFT flows held very consistent…here again, we have seen consistent EME commitments during the quarter via public pension funds as well. Equity Sub -Asset Class comparison Q2 vs Q3 Net FlowsQ3 - MUTUAL FUNDS Lipper Market Share of flows in Q3 Net FlowsQ2 - ETF-13f 13F Market Share of flows in Q2 Net FlowsQ3 - ETF- 13f 13F Market Place Market Share of flows in Q3 Large Blend (5,183,842,895) (2.6) 5,275,641,032 5.63 36,693,942,562 33.96 Foreign Large Blend 9,205,169,159 4 7,497,556,964 8.00 10,044,959,369 9.30 Large Value (9,331,510,618) (4.74) 22,088,077,197 23.58 9,752,347,962 9.03 Large Growth (23,444,173,930) (11.92) 4,028,037,885 4.30 8,417,255,429 7.79 Derivative Income/Cov Calls 1,032,891,731 0.50 5,239,998,136 0.32 5,287,699,000 0.43 Emerging Markets Eq (6,976,059,497) (3.50) 6,500,747,260 6.5 (319,405,919) (0. 30)', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Q3 2022 13F ETF Equity-Only Sub-Asset Class Flow Trends', 'content': 'Last update we took a high level look at the asset class level filings and flows into ETFs during Q3, and also compared them mutual fund structure flows. The data showed divergent trends which told us that structure does impact flows, and it is not always purely about asset allocation decisions. An example of this was in US equities during Q3, the mutual fund flows showed sizeable outflows during the quarter however the flows into ETF packaged non-US equities more than made up for this and meant a net-positive for the quarter. Drilling down into the Q3 equity sub-asset class flows/filings, allocators were dealing with an indecisive market across the board. Equity markets started the quarter by recovering from earlier declines, but was quickly upended by the Fed’s unsettlingly sharp interest rate increases and an extraordinary hawkish turn in policymaker rhetoric at Jackson Hole aka the “Pain” speech from Powell. Performance wise, domestic Small Cap was the relative outperformer in Q3 2022 despite falling (-2.2%) during the quarter, commodities gave up some of their YTD lead of over 20% even after posting a (-10.3%) return in Q3, and EM equities took the biggest hit (-11.4%) over the quarter for a YTD decline of nearly (-27%). Asset class performance however is not always correlated to flows as this quarter’s data showed us. Despite the environment that persisted, equities maintained the majority share of ETF assets at 67%. Chart 1 Asset Class Market Share Q2 - all packaged product Market Share Q3 - all packaged product Allocation 5.89 5.84 Alternative 0.78 0.86 Commodities 0.86 0.78 International Equity 14.84 14.12 Miscellaneous 0.32 0.35 Municipal Bond 3.90 3.93 Nontraditional Equity 0.24 0.26 Sector Equity 5.10 5.01 Taxable Bond 21.46 21.80 US Equity 46.61 47.06 Under the surface however, a few trends stood out: Allocators continued to shift from equity funds into equity ETFs across US equity, intl, and the non-traditional categories.  One of the factors were that many funds were making preliminary cap gain announcements and allocators shifted to ETFs as a place holder. Commodity tracking outflows continued as price pressures came off the boil. Sector specific equities continue to struggle across funds and ETFs, specifically pulling away from real estate, tech and health care.  We have seen this trend persist for over a year. Chart 2 Vehicle Comparison Q2 vs Q3 Net FlowsQ2 - MUTUAL FUNDS Net FlowsQ3 - MUTUAL FUNDS Net FlowsQ2 - ETF-13f Net FlowsQ3 - ETF- 13f US Equity (41,808,504,422) (57,938,029,495) 38,034,591,508 59,601,849,056 Sector Equity (7,397,143,449) (9,001,063,578) (19,642,936,918) (11,556,402,846) International Equity (31,511,151,167) (18,079,300,585) 15,943,191,251 3,416,782,102 Commodities 1,729,418,641 (875,932,087) (4,396,432,769) (12,564,338,763) Nontraditional Equity 2,014,485,288 1,084,070,682 5,179,528,466 5,345,145,825 Looking across the equity sub-asset classes and then comparing the structure specific data was the most interesting data: A very pronounced increase in ETF allocations into the large blend bucket after a two back-to-back quarters of negative flows.  Funds however did not see flows reverse. Large divergence in large cap growth, as ETFs continued to build on positive net flows, however it was not large enough to offset the $23 B outflow reported in mutual funds with tax loss selling making an impact. Continued allocations into non-US equity ETFs via foreign large blend, again reversing the trends we saw in the first half of the year.  This mirrors what we have seen on the public pension commitments as well, with international seeing consistent flows this qtr. Income, income, income continues to be sought in equities with strong flows in the large cap value and derivative income/cov call categories. Honorable mention goes to EM equities, while they were some of the worst performing during the quarter, the EFT flows held very consistent…here again, we have seen consistent EME commitments during the quarter via public pension funds as well. Equity Sub -Asset Class comparison Q2 vs Q3 Net FlowsQ3 - MUTUAL FUNDS Lipper Market Share of flows in Q3 Net FlowsQ2 - ETF-13f 13F Market Share of flows in Q2 Net FlowsQ3 - ETF- 13f 13F Market Place Market Share of flows in Q3 Large Blend (5,183,842,895) (2.6) 5,275,641,032 5.63 36,693,942,562 33.96 Foreign Large Blend 9,205,169,159 4 7,497,556,964 8.00 10,044,959,369 9.30 Large Value (9,331,510,618) (4.74) 22,088,077,197 23.58 9,752,347,962 9.03 Large Growth (23,444,173,930) (11.92) 4,028,037,885 4.30 8,417,255,429 7.79 Derivative Income/Cov Calls 1,032,891,731 0.50 5,239,998,136 0.32 5,287,699,000 0.43 Emerging Markets Eq (6,976,059,497) (3.50) 6,500,747,260 6.5 (319,405,919) (0. 30)', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_262_the-top-10-family-offices-in-canada

{'title': 'The Top 10 Family Offices in Canada', 'introduction': "Family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These specialized advisory firms go beyond traditional financial services. With their particular approach to managing vast assets, family offices stand as vital pillars in the financial landscape, ensuring that wealth transcends generations while supporting the broader ambitions and personal aspirations of the world's most affluent families. The challenge for investment firms lies in identifying which family offices are open to exploring external investment opportunities, a task compounded by the private nature of these offices. This is where our Dakota Marketplace database comes into play. Our database aims to demystify the realm of family offices, as we have a vast range of international family offices and US family offices. Our initiative is to not only streamline the search process for investment firms, but also promises a more efficient and targeted approach to building relationships. In this article we are giving you a list of the top 10 family offices in Canada. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Woodbridge Investments Corporation AUM: $54,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 2. Walter Financial AUM: $6,400,000,000 Metro: Quebec 3. GRI Capital AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 4. Claridge, Inc AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 5. Richter Family Office AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 6. Ullman Wealth Management Inc AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 7. Our Family Offices, Inc. AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 8. Blue Bridge Wealth Solutions & Family Offices AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 9. Audra Group AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 10. Northwood Family Office AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto To explore more non-US and US family offices, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Top 10 Family Offices in Canada', 'content': "Family offices represent the pinnacle of personalized wealth management for ultra-high-net-worth individuals and their families. These specialized advisory firms go beyond traditional financial services. With their particular approach to managing vast assets, family offices stand as vital pillars in the financial landscape, ensuring that wealth transcends generations while supporting the broader ambitions and personal aspirations of the world's most affluent families. The challenge for investment firms lies in identifying which family offices are open to exploring external investment opportunities, a task compounded by the private nature of these offices. This is where our Dakota Marketplace database comes into play. Our database aims to demystify the realm of family offices, as we have a vast range of international family offices and US family offices. Our initiative is to not only streamline the search process for investment firms, but also promises a more efficient and targeted approach to building relationships. In this article we are giving you a list of the top 10 family offices in Canada. To see a full list, you can view this in Dakota Marketplace. 1. Woodbridge Investments Corporation AUM: $54,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 2. Walter Financial AUM: $6,400,000,000 Metro: Quebec 3. GRI Capital AUM: $5,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 4. Claridge, Inc AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 5. Richter Family Office AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 6. Ullman Wealth Management Inc AUM: $3,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 7. Our Family Offices, Inc. AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 8. Blue Bridge Wealth Solutions & Family Offices AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Montreal 9. Audra Group AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto 10. Northwood Family Office AUM: $2,000,000,000 Metro: Toronto To explore more non-US and US family offices, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_359_the-cost-of-not-keeping-up-to-date-on-institutiona

{'title': 'The Cost of Not Keeping Up-to-Date on Institutional Investment Mandates', 'introduction': 'Let me paint you a picture I’m sure you’ve seen before: you’re sitting at your desk trying to look for updates on public pension funds. You’ve come across a few, but one needs an RFP that is due in three days, and another you’ve found no longer has accurate contact information. Essentially, you’re stumped — but you’re not the only investment sales professional who feels this way. Let me paint you another, much prettier, picture: you’re sitting at your desk, scrolling through new updates on institutional investment mandates with ease, and one catches your eye. As you click on this new mandate, you see the public pension fund’s consultants, RFPs, recent commitments, an asset allocation update, and so much more. All in one place. At Dakota, we know the frustration of gathering institutional investment mandates only to learn that it’s outdated. We’ve raised over $40B since 2006 through investment sales and supplying firms through our data platform. To avoid this frustration and improve efficiency for your team, we’ve created Dakota Searches: a free email subscription service that offers real-time alerts for new institutional investment mandates as they happen. In this article we’re going to touch on the importance of public pension funds and how critical it is to know about mandates. After reading through this, you’ll have a deeper knowledge on the two problems we’ve been able to solve with Dakota Searches. Why your firm must be on top of public pension funds Public pension funds are a very large source of capital for private equity, private credit, private real estate, private infrastructure, equities, and fixed income mandates. There are over 400 different public pension funds, RFPs, and mandates being announced on a weekly basis. Naturally, it becomes a tall task to try and track all this information by yourself as an investment sales professional. Having a service to help identify these searches is almost table stakes. The opportunity cost of $10M, $50M, $100M or more is extreme in terms of fees that your firm would earn. As an investment sales professional, you’re asked to deliver a lot in a short amount of time, such as building a pipeline. If you’re relying on internal staff to gather mandates that are performed by public pension funds, it’s extremely difficult. It’s critical that you at least know about and are able to participate in any mandates that are announced. You’ll want to know about foundations, endowments, corporate pension funds, and know the other institutional investors, specifically the general consultant and field consultant. It’s also crucial you receive timely updates because by the time a public pension posts a mandate, it can be a matter of time before an RFP is due. Now we’ll give light to the two issues we’ve been able to fix with Dakota Searches. 1. Gathering the searches With over 400 searches being performed by public pension funds, it’s extremely difficult to rely on internal staff to keep track of these. To provide an efficient alternative solution, we have a dedicated team who combs through over 200 different sources. They look through the monthly investment committee meeting notes to find these mandates for our product. 2. Delivering to subscribers in an efficient and timely manner We created a mechanism that allows subscribers to choose which asset classes they would like to receive mandates in, as well as deliver them on an automated basis. The mandates are posted within Dakota Marketplace and are automatically distributed to subscribers for that asset class. Start receiving real-time search alerts To receive real-time updates for new institutional investment mandates, sign up for Dakota Searches! Just enter your name, email, and select the asset classes you want alerts for, and we’ll take care of the rest.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Cost of Not Keeping Up-to-Date on Institutional Investment Mandates', 'content': 'Let me paint you a picture I’m sure you’ve seen before: you’re sitting at your desk trying to look for updates on public pension funds. You’ve come across a few, but one needs an RFP that is due in three days, and another you’ve found no longer has accurate contact information. Essentially, you’re stumped — but you’re not the only investment sales professional who feels this way. Let me paint you another, much prettier, picture: you’re sitting at your desk, scrolling through new updates on institutional investment mandates with ease, and one catches your eye. As you click on this new mandate, you see the public pension fund’s consultants, RFPs, recent commitments, an asset allocation update, and so much more. All in one place. At Dakota, we know the frustration of gathering institutional investment mandates only to learn that it’s outdated. We’ve raised over $40B since 2006 through investment sales and supplying firms through our data platform. To avoid this frustration and improve efficiency for your team, we’ve created Dakota Searches: a free email subscription service that offers real-time alerts for new institutional investment mandates as they happen. In this article we’re going to touch on the importance of public pension funds and how critical it is to know about mandates. After reading through this, you’ll have a deeper knowledge on the two problems we’ve been able to solve with Dakota Searches. Why your firm must be on top of public pension funds Public pension funds are a very large source of capital for private equity, private credit, private real estate, private infrastructure, equities, and fixed income mandates. There are over 400 different public pension funds, RFPs, and mandates being announced on a weekly basis. Naturally, it becomes a tall task to try and track all this information by yourself as an investment sales professional. Having a service to help identify these searches is almost table stakes. The opportunity cost of $10M, $50M, $100M or more is extreme in terms of fees that your firm would earn. As an investment sales professional, you’re asked to deliver a lot in a short amount of time, such as building a pipeline. If you’re relying on internal staff to gather mandates that are performed by public pension funds, it’s extremely difficult. It’s critical that you at least know about and are able to participate in any mandates that are announced. You’ll want to know about foundations, endowments, corporate pension funds, and know the other institutional investors, specifically the general consultant and field consultant. It’s also crucial you receive timely updates because by the time a public pension posts a mandate, it can be a matter of time before an RFP is due. Now we’ll give light to the two issues we’ve been able to fix with Dakota Searches. 1. Gathering the searches With over 400 searches being performed by public pension funds, it’s extremely difficult to rely on internal staff to keep track of these. To provide an efficient alternative solution, we have a dedicated team who combs through over 200 different sources. They look through the monthly investment committee meeting notes to find these mandates for our product. 2. Delivering to subscribers in an efficient and timely manner We created a mechanism that allows subscribers to choose which asset classes they would like to receive mandates in, as well as deliver them on an automated basis. The mandates are posted within Dakota Marketplace and are automatically distributed to subscribers for that asset class. Start receiving real-time search alerts To receive real-time updates for new institutional investment mandates, sign up for Dakota Searches! Just enter your name, email, and select the asset classes you want alerts for, and we’ll take care of the rest.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_314_the-3-biggest-problems-with-sales-contact-data

{'title': 'The 3 Biggest Problems With Sales Contact Data', 'introduction': "When you think about what it means to be successful in sales, plenty of things probably come to mind: persuasiveness, charm, personality, experience… The list goes on and on. A lot of people think success in sales has to be complex, or takes a certain type of person. And to an extent, it does. You have to be able to handle rejection well, present yourself well, and understand what you’re selling backwards and forwards. But, at the end of the day, what matters most in effective sales is data. You have to know who to call on, and you have to have the accurate, updated data you need in order to set and hold meetings. This is where many salespeople and organizations fall down. At Dakota, we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have raised over $40 billion in that time. We’ve done that by setting meetings, building relationships, and knowing our TAM. But we couldn’t have done any of that without good data. Data should be your best friend, because it’s the backbone of your business. If you don’t have complete, accurate, and constantly updated data, things get stale, you miss opportunities, and you don’t achieve the success you would if you had correct, clean data. Without it, in addition to missing out on opportunities, you’re wasting your sales team’s time, and losing money. In this article, we’re outlining the three “deadly sins” of sales contact data, as well as how to fix them. By the end of the article, you’ll have a complete understanding of the problems salespeople run into when it comes to their data, as well as how to prevent (or repair) them at your firm. What we’re explaining in this article relates to direct sales – calling on a business directly to sell investments or a software product. If you’ve found yourself spending hours looking up who to call on at a particular investment firm, this is for you. The three biggest problems with most sales contact data are: Incomplete data Inaccurate data Outdated data First, we’ll explain how data gets overlooked, what the ideal state of your data looks like, then jump into the three data problems. The misconceptions about data If you’re like most sales organizations, your CRM can be anywhere from three weeks, months, or even years out of date. Why is this so common? Because people don’t understand how truly important their data is, or how bad stale data is for a salesperson and an organization. In reality, 54% of companies say that their biggest challenge to sales and marketing success is a lack of data quality and completeness. If this number seems overwhelming, that’s because it is, but it doesn’t mean it’s impossible to overcome. Next, we’ll get into the three major problems you can have with your data. Problem #1: Incomplete data First, let’s define the problem: what is incomplete data? Well, imagine you’re planning a trip to Boston, and you work for an investment firm. You’re trying to develop relationships and set meetings while you’re in Boston, and your database only contains 50 contacts in Boston instead of the 250+ investment contacts that actually reside there. You’re missing 60-70% of your market opportunity (TAM), which is a really big problem. It’s going to hold you back. The most successful organizations have a full and complete TAM, broken down by channel. The TAM and the completeness of the data is extraordinarily important because if you don’t have them, you’re missing out on opportunities. if you don’t have the full picture and list of people to call on. If you don’t know everyone you can call on, you’re destined for failure. How to fix the incomplete data problem At Dakota, what we’ve found successful is focusing on one channel at a time. For example, if you start with 200 RIAs, and consistently look for, and grow the number of RIAs who use outside managers. Qualifying the buyer, keeping the data fresh, assessing the buyers in totality, will help expand your TAM. Additionally, if the entire team is aligned on this, and is working together to input new, clean data into the CRM, the rest of the team will be more inclined to follow suit, as they will know the data within the database is clean. Problem #2: inaccurate data At the end of the day, it’s very difficult to have completely accurate information on all of the contacts you’re calling on. Do you know the right person to call on? The right title? The right contact type? Without this accurate information, you’re emailing someone who could have left the firm, or wouldn’t be the right fit. This in turn requires your salespeople to do a lot of research to correct the information they’ve been giving. Studies have shown that one of the reasons salespeople leave organizations is because they’re spending too much time doing administrative duties when they want to (and should be) selling. So, by giving your salespeople accurate data within the database, it is absolutely vital. You don’t want them spending all of their time researching on websites, trying to find who to call on. How to fix the inaccurate data problem Using date cleansing tools like Neverbounce, RocketReach, and LinkedIn Sales Navigator are all ways to ensure that your data is as accurate as possible. We have a guide to using those tools here. Problem #3: Outdated data By now, you probably know that you have to be constantly updating your database. Accuracy and updates go hand in hand, but updated data is different from accurate because accurate means correct information about a particular contact or firm, while updated means staying on top of the industry and knowing that someone at a firm has changed job titles or roles, and updating your system to reflect that. How to fix the outdated data problem Most organizations don’t have a system for updating their data, which becomes a problem for the entire firm. Salespeople aren’t getting results because they’re wasting time trying to update information in the system, you’re not getting the efficiency that you need from your sales team. If you do have correct data that’s correct and constantly updated, then you can focus on your sales team and allow them to get in front of those contacts. If it’s complete, accurate, and constantly updated, that’s where the wins lie. That’s how you get the meetings and that’s how you can start following up. How to keep your data clean long-term You're probably thinking that keeping data updated consistently, and eliminating all of these problems sounds like a full-time job, and one that your sales team probably isn't up for. And you're right, it can be a full-time role, but it doesn't have to be. With data cleansing tools like Dakota Fuse, which ensures that your data is constantly updated and accurate, you'll never have to worry about about it again. If this sounds like it could be a fit for your team, we'd love to schedule some time to talk to you.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The 3 Biggest Problems With Sales Contact Data', 'content': "When you think about what it means to be successful in sales, plenty of things probably come to mind: persuasiveness, charm, personality, experience… The list goes on and on. A lot of people think success in sales has to be complex, or takes a certain type of person. And to an extent, it does. You have to be able to handle rejection well, present yourself well, and understand what you’re selling backwards and forwards. But, at the end of the day, what matters most in effective sales is data. You have to know who to call on, and you have to have the accurate, updated data you need in order to set and hold meetings. This is where many salespeople and organizations fall down. At Dakota, we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have raised over $40 billion in that time. We’ve done that by setting meetings, building relationships, and knowing our TAM. But we couldn’t have done any of that without good data. Data should be your best friend, because it’s the backbone of your business. If you don’t have complete, accurate, and constantly updated data, things get stale, you miss opportunities, and you don’t achieve the success you would if you had correct, clean data. Without it, in addition to missing out on opportunities, you’re wasting your sales team’s time, and losing money. In this article, we’re outlining the three “deadly sins” of sales contact data, as well as how to fix them. By the end of the article, you’ll have a complete understanding of the problems salespeople run into when it comes to their data, as well as how to prevent (or repair) them at your firm. What we’re explaining in this article relates to direct sales – calling on a business directly to sell investments or a software product. If you’ve found yourself spending hours looking up who to call on at a particular investment firm, this is for you. The three biggest problems with most sales contact data are: Incomplete data Inaccurate data Outdated data First, we’ll explain how data gets overlooked, what the ideal state of your data looks like, then jump into the three data problems. The misconceptions about data If you’re like most sales organizations, your CRM can be anywhere from three weeks, months, or even years out of date. Why is this so common? Because people don’t understand how truly important their data is, or how bad stale data is for a salesperson and an organization. In reality, 54% of companies say that their biggest challenge to sales and marketing success is a lack of data quality and completeness. If this number seems overwhelming, that’s because it is, but it doesn’t mean it’s impossible to overcome. Next, we’ll get into the three major problems you can have with your data. Problem #1: Incomplete data First, let’s define the problem: what is incomplete data? Well, imagine you’re planning a trip to Boston, and you work for an investment firm. You’re trying to develop relationships and set meetings while you’re in Boston, and your database only contains 50 contacts in Boston instead of the 250+ investment contacts that actually reside there. You’re missing 60-70% of your market opportunity (TAM), which is a really big problem. It’s going to hold you back. The most successful organizations have a full and complete TAM, broken down by channel. The TAM and the completeness of the data is extraordinarily important because if you don’t have them, you’re missing out on opportunities. if you don’t have the full picture and list of people to call on. If you don’t know everyone you can call on, you’re destined for failure. How to fix the incomplete data problem At Dakota, what we’ve found successful is focusing on one channel at a time. For example, if you start with 200 RIAs, and consistently look for, and grow the number of RIAs who use outside managers. Qualifying the buyer, keeping the data fresh, assessing the buyers in totality, will help expand your TAM. Additionally, if the entire team is aligned on this, and is working together to input new, clean data into the CRM, the rest of the team will be more inclined to follow suit, as they will know the data within the database is clean. Problem #2: inaccurate data At the end of the day, it’s very difficult to have completely accurate information on all of the contacts you’re calling on. Do you know the right person to call on? The right title? The right contact type? Without this accurate information, you’re emailing someone who could have left the firm, or wouldn’t be the right fit. This in turn requires your salespeople to do a lot of research to correct the information they’ve been giving. Studies have shown that one of the reasons salespeople leave organizations is because they’re spending too much time doing administrative duties when they want to (and should be) selling. So, by giving your salespeople accurate data within the database, it is absolutely vital. You don’t want them spending all of their time researching on websites, trying to find who to call on. How to fix the inaccurate data problem Using date cleansing tools like Neverbounce, RocketReach, and LinkedIn Sales Navigator are all ways to ensure that your data is as accurate as possible. We have a guide to using those tools here. Problem #3: Outdated data By now, you probably know that you have to be constantly updating your database. Accuracy and updates go hand in hand, but updated data is different from accurate because accurate means correct information about a particular contact or firm, while updated means staying on top of the industry and knowing that someone at a firm has changed job titles or roles, and updating your system to reflect that. How to fix the outdated data problem Most organizations don’t have a system for updating their data, which becomes a problem for the entire firm. Salespeople aren’t getting results because they’re wasting time trying to update information in the system, you’re not getting the efficiency that you need from your sales team. If you do have correct data that’s correct and constantly updated, then you can focus on your sales team and allow them to get in front of those contacts. If it’s complete, accurate, and constantly updated, that’s where the wins lie. That’s how you get the meetings and that’s how you can start following up. How to keep your data clean long-term You're probably thinking that keeping data updated consistently, and eliminating all of these problems sounds like a full-time job, and one that your sales team probably isn't up for. And you're right, it can be a full-time role, but it doesn't have to be. With data cleansing tools like Dakota Fuse, which ensures that your data is constantly updated and accurate, you'll never have to worry about about it again. If this sounds like it could be a fit for your team, we'd love to schedule some time to talk to you.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_025_april-2025-ria-activity-advisor-moves-firm-updates

{'title': 'April 2025 RIA Activity | Advisor Moves & Firm Updates', 'introduction': "RIA M&A deal volume in April remained strong, with Dakota tracking 31 new transactions during the month, up from 28 in March and 16 in February, though it was a story of many smaller deals, with total AUM value for April’s deals dipping to approximately $17B versus $302.1B in March and $32.6B in February. Backing out LPL ’s blockbuster March acquisition of $285B AUM Commonwealth Financial Network considerably smooths out the AUM values month to month, and also worth noting, Stifel closing on its pickup of 36 B. Riley advisors and $4B in AUM is not included in the April tally. Aspen Wealth did the biggest single deal in April, adding $2.9B in AUM with its acquisition of New England Private Wealth Advisors , while a pair of wealth managers – SFA Partners subsidiary Strategic Blueprint and Cetera ’s The Retirement Planning Group – were the most active, each accounting for three M&A deals. Also of note, Cerity Partners added more than $2.3B in client assets through two acquisitions, and a sizable deal could be in the offing, with global consultant Mckinsey & Co. reportedly shopping its in-house RIA, $24B AUM MIO Partners . New investments in RIAs in April were on a similar pace to prior months, with Dakota tracking three growth investments, including the Schrager banking family of Indiana getting into the game with an investment in $470M New York City RIA Maridea Wealth Management and CIVC Partners making a majority growth investment in $10B Richmond, VA-based wealth manager Cary Street Partners . Read on for Dakota’s April roundup of RIA M&A and investment news. Mergers & Acquisitions Cerity Partners to Acquire West Coast Financial Cerity Partners is acquiring Santa Barbara-based RIA West Coast Financial , which manages $1.8B in regulatory assets. The deal will enhance Cerity's financial planning, investment management, and alternative investment offerings. West Coast Financial will operate under the Cerity Partners name post-acquisition. EP Wealth Acquires $660M San Francisco-based RIA $31B EP Wealth Advisors is acquiring $660M Peninsula Wealth , a San Francisco-based RIA, to strengthen its Northern California presence. Peninsula founder Rahul Shah and his team will join EP Wealth. Mission Wealth Merges with $204M MN-based RIA Brown Wealth $10B Mission Wealth acquires Brown Wealth Management ($240M AUM) in Eden Prairie, MN. Founder Timothy Brown and his team join the firm, with the Eden Prairie location becoming a regional hub. CSP Acquires TX Wealth Manager Keene & Dorchak Cary Street Partners acquired Fort Worth, TX-based RIA Keene & Dorchak Investment Advisors with $202M in client assets, expanding its Texas presence. Founded in 1994, Keene & Dorchak will operate under the CSP name, gaining access to broader resources. Report: Align Impact Buys $113M Wealth Manager Conscious Endeavors Santa Monica, CA-based investment management firm Align Impact has acquired Conscious Endeavors , a New York-based wealth manager with $113M in client assets that focuses on environmental, social, governance-based (ESG) investing, according to various media reports. Cerity Partners Enters NC With Deal for $529M RIA Cerity Partners makes its second acquisition for 2025 with $529M Cook Wealth in Raleigh, NC, expanding its presence into the state. The 27-person team, founded in 1984, offers various wealth management services. Waverly Acquires $110M FL RIA Fiduciary Wealth Waverly Advisors , based in Birmingham, AL, acquires Sarasota, FL-based RIA Fiduciary Wealth Advisors ($110M AUM), founded by Scott Collins . The deal, closed on April 4, expands Waverly's presence to six locations in Florida. Aspen Standard Wealth Acquires $2.9B Boston RIA Aspen Standard Wealth acquires $2.9B Boston-based fee-only RIA New England Private Wealth Advisors (NEPWA) , founded in 2005. NEPWA provides customized wealth management services and uses Charles Schwab and Fidelity for custody. This is Aspen Standard Wealth's first acquisition of 2025, following its purchase of Summitry in November. Modern Wealth Adding $1B with California RIA Deals Modern Wealth Management is acquiring two California-based RIAs, Wade Financial Advisors ($700M AUM) and Planned Asset Management ($350M AUM), bringing its total AUM to over $7B. West Shore Bank Acquires Auto Club Trust's Wealth Division West Shore Bank acquired the wealth management, investment advisory, and trust unit of Auto Club Trust for cash, effective March 31. The deal brings a four-person trust team to serve Southeast Michigan. As of year-end 2024, West Shore Bank managed $768M in client assets. Carson Group Acquires $314M Michigan Affiliate Carson Group fully acquired its affiliate $314M RIA Mommaerts Mahaney Financial Services in Marquette, MI. Led by founder Jon Mommaerts , the team will rebrand as Carson Wealth's Marquette Office . This acquisition follows other recent buyouts and advisor additions for Carson Group, which navigated executive changes in the past year. Stifel Completes B. Riley Deal, Adds $4B in AUM Stifel Financial finalizes its acquisition of a segment of B. Riley 's wealth business, bringing on 36 advisors and $4B in assets under management. This follows earlier discussions of a larger sale after B. Riley faced SEC scrutiny. Stifel's wealth management unit now manages over $500B in client assets. Prospera Acquires IBD Cutter & Co Dallas-based Prospera Financial Services acquired St. Louis broker-dealer Cutter & Company ($2B AUM) in a deal finalized March 31. Cutter's leadership and 40 advisors will remain. The acquisition brings Prospera's total AUM to over $24B. NorthRock Partners Buys Advisory Practice in Chicago Minneapolis-based $6.7B NorthRock Partners acquired the Greater Chicago area practice of veteran advisor Tony Pondel , who was previously with LPL for 23 years, supporting NorthRock's regional expansion strategy. EP Wealth Enters Cincinnati Area With Deal for $385M RIA EP Wealth Advisors acquired $385M Fort Wright, KY-based AlphaMark Advisors , expanding into Kentucky and the Greater Cincinnati area. AlphaMark, founded in 1999, is a five-member team led by Michael Simon . This is EP Wealth's fourth acquisition of 2025. $1B West Coast RIA Monterey Private Wealth Joins Creative Planning Creative Planning acquired Monterey Private Wealth , a $1B fee-only RIA in Monterey, CA, effective March 31, establishing a presence on California's Central Coast. The 13-member team, led by Cristofer Cabanillas , Gary E.D. Alt , and Steven Merrell , offers comprehensive financial planning services. Pure Financial Acquires $900M Chicago-area RIA Pure Financial Advisors acquired Wheaton, IL-based RIA Fairhaven Wealth Management , with $900M in client assets, financed with cash and equity. Fairhaven, led by Marc Horner , offers financial planning and investment services. Safeguard Investment Enters Arizona with RIA Acquisition Safeguard Investment Advisory Group expands into Arizona with the acquisition of Scottsdale-based RIA Solutions First Financial Group , led by CEO Joe Donti . The Corona, CA-based firm, with $603M in assets, opened its new office on April 1st. BFS Acquires $350M New England RIA Bradley, Foster, & Sargent (BFS) of Hartford, CT, acquired $350M RIA Napatree Capital , founded by Jeff Ligouri in Westerley, R.I. Ligouri joins BFS as EVP, and Aaron Simmons becomes a portfolio manager. Napatree's team will maintain offices in Rhode Island and Longmeadow, MA. SFA Partners’ Strategic Blueprint Acquires a Trio of Wealth Managers Strategic Blueprint , a subsidiary of SFA Partners , acquired AdvicePoint , The Wealth Plan Company , and Clarity Financial Advisors , adding a total of $200M in client assets. Lido Adds $870M in AUM with Bay Area Advisor Deal Lido Advisors of Los Angeles acquired Bay Area RIA BluePointe Capital Management , which manages over $870M in assets. BluePointe founder and CEO Sanheev Sardana joins Lido as a partner. This marks Lido's first acquisition of the year, bringing its total regulatory AUM to over $29B. RIAs Merge to Form Florida-based Bastion Fiduciary Islamorada Investment Management (IIM) acquired Picket Fence Financial and rebranded as Bastion Fiduciary , with $110M in client assets. Led by IIM's Cale Smith as CEO and Picket Fence's Kirk Kinder as director of financial planning, the seven-person team operates from a headquarters in Islamorada, FL, and multiple offices across the US. Modern Wealth Acquires $310M Chicagoland RIA OFM Wealth Modern Wealth Management acquired OFM Wealth of Orland Park, IL, adding $310M in AUM and a six-person team led by founder Sam Ogrizovich . This marks Modern Wealth's 16th acquisition, bringing its total AUM to over $7.5B across 18 offices in 13 states. Merit Financial Acquires $597M Wisconsin RIA Merit Financial Advisors acquired Green Bay, WI-based Safeguard Wealth Management , an RIA with a strong YouTube presence, adding $597M in client assets. Safeguard's founders will take on new roles at Merit, marking Merit's 36th acquisition. McKinsey Seeking Buyer for $24B MIO Partners McKinsey & Co. is reportedly proceeding with the sale of its $24B wealth unit, MIO Partners . Leading the transaction is Ardea Partners , with McKinsey preferring a strategic acquirer over private equity. Allworth Buys $1.5B Indianapolis RIA Sheaff Brock $28B Allworth Financial is acquiring $1.5B Indianapolis-based RIA Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors , its first deal of 2025 and the second-largest in its history. Allworth CEO John Bunch expects the deal will close in early summer, furthering the Folsom, CA-based firm's aim to develop Indianapolis as a central hub with over 50 employees and $3B in assets. $3.9B Schechter Acquires Enlightened Finance Michigan's $3.9B RIA Schechter Investment Advisors has acquired Enlightened Finance , a Rochester, NY, fee-based firm founded by Alex Martin , to gain access to mass affluent clients. This is Schecter’s second acquisition and will increase its total client assets to around $4B. The Retirement Planning Group Makes Three Acquisitions in First Quarter 2025 Cetera ’s employee-based RIA The Retirement Planning Group expanded its nationwide presence with first-quarter acquisitions of Hawkes Wealth Management in Binghamton, NY, Wealtheon Advisors in San Ramon, CA, and Financial Research, Inc. in Seattle, adding a combined $180M in client assets. RIA Investments Procyon Partners Secures Minority Investment from Constellation Dynasty Financial -backed Procyon Partners received a minority investment from Constellation Wealth Capital to fuel growth, enhance advisor resources, and open offices in key markets. Procyon will remain independently operated with Dynasty's continued support. Cary Street Partners Sells Majority Stake to CIVC Partners Private equity firm CIVC Partners will acquire a majority stake in $10B wealth manager Cary Street Partners Financial (CSP) . The deal, supported by CSP's board, will provide capital for growth and acquisitions. CSP insiders will retain roughly half of the firm's ownership and have committed to reinvesting. Zoe Closes $29.6M Funding Round With RIA Client Support Digital wealth platform Zoe Financial secured $29.6M in Series B funding led by Sageview Capital , bringing its total funding to $45M. The investment will be used to scale the team and enhance the platform's capabilities, which provides RIAs with business development, operational support, and client referrals. 119th Street Capital Announces Strategic Investment in Maridea Wealth Management Brooklyn-based, $470M RIA Maridea Wealth Management , received an investment from 119th Street Capital , an investment vehicle of Indiana's Schrage banking family, alongside Pelican Capital .", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'April 2025 RIA Activity | Advisor Moves & Firm Updates', 'content': "RIA M&A deal volume in April remained strong, with Dakota tracking 31 new transactions during the month, up from 28 in March and 16 in February, though it was a story of many smaller deals, with total AUM value for April’s deals dipping to approximately $17B versus $302.1B in March and $32.6B in February. Backing out LPL ’s blockbuster March acquisition of $285B AUM Commonwealth Financial Network considerably smooths out the AUM values month to month, and also worth noting, Stifel closing on its pickup of 36 B. Riley advisors and $4B in AUM is not included in the April tally. Aspen Wealth did the biggest single deal in April, adding $2.9B in AUM with its acquisition of New England Private Wealth Advisors , while a pair of wealth managers – SFA Partners subsidiary Strategic Blueprint and Cetera ’s The Retirement Planning Group – were the most active, each accounting for three M&A deals. Also of note, Cerity Partners added more than $2.3B in client assets through two acquisitions, and a sizable deal could be in the offing, with global consultant Mckinsey & Co. reportedly shopping its in-house RIA, $24B AUM MIO Partners . New investments in RIAs in April were on a similar pace to prior months, with Dakota tracking three growth investments, including the Schrager banking family of Indiana getting into the game with an investment in $470M New York City RIA Maridea Wealth Management and CIVC Partners making a majority growth investment in $10B Richmond, VA-based wealth manager Cary Street Partners . Read on for Dakota’s April roundup of RIA M&A and investment news. Mergers & Acquisitions Cerity Partners to Acquire West Coast Financial Cerity Partners is acquiring Santa Barbara-based RIA West Coast Financial , which manages $1.8B in regulatory assets. The deal will enhance Cerity's financial planning, investment management, and alternative investment offerings. West Coast Financial will operate under the Cerity Partners name post-acquisition. EP Wealth Acquires $660M San Francisco-based RIA $31B EP Wealth Advisors is acquiring $660M Peninsula Wealth , a San Francisco-based RIA, to strengthen its Northern California presence. Peninsula founder Rahul Shah and his team will join EP Wealth. Mission Wealth Merges with $204M MN-based RIA Brown Wealth $10B Mission Wealth acquires Brown Wealth Management ($240M AUM) in Eden Prairie, MN. Founder Timothy Brown and his team join the firm, with the Eden Prairie location becoming a regional hub. CSP Acquires TX Wealth Manager Keene & Dorchak Cary Street Partners acquired Fort Worth, TX-based RIA Keene & Dorchak Investment Advisors with $202M in client assets, expanding its Texas presence. Founded in 1994, Keene & Dorchak will operate under the CSP name, gaining access to broader resources. Report: Align Impact Buys $113M Wealth Manager Conscious Endeavors Santa Monica, CA-based investment management firm Align Impact has acquired Conscious Endeavors , a New York-based wealth manager with $113M in client assets that focuses on environmental, social, governance-based (ESG) investing, according to various media reports. Cerity Partners Enters NC With Deal for $529M RIA Cerity Partners makes its second acquisition for 2025 with $529M Cook Wealth in Raleigh, NC, expanding its presence into the state. The 27-person team, founded in 1984, offers various wealth management services. Waverly Acquires $110M FL RIA Fiduciary Wealth Waverly Advisors , based in Birmingham, AL, acquires Sarasota, FL-based RIA Fiduciary Wealth Advisors ($110M AUM), founded by Scott Collins . The deal, closed on April 4, expands Waverly's presence to six locations in Florida. Aspen Standard Wealth Acquires $2.9B Boston RIA Aspen Standard Wealth acquires $2.9B Boston-based fee-only RIA New England Private Wealth Advisors (NEPWA) , founded in 2005. NEPWA provides customized wealth management services and uses Charles Schwab and Fidelity for custody. This is Aspen Standard Wealth's first acquisition of 2025, following its purchase of Summitry in November. Modern Wealth Adding $1B with California RIA Deals Modern Wealth Management is acquiring two California-based RIAs, Wade Financial Advisors ($700M AUM) and Planned Asset Management ($350M AUM), bringing its total AUM to over $7B. West Shore Bank Acquires Auto Club Trust's Wealth Division West Shore Bank acquired the wealth management, investment advisory, and trust unit of Auto Club Trust for cash, effective March 31. The deal brings a four-person trust team to serve Southeast Michigan. As of year-end 2024, West Shore Bank managed $768M in client assets. Carson Group Acquires $314M Michigan Affiliate Carson Group fully acquired its affiliate $314M RIA Mommaerts Mahaney Financial Services in Marquette, MI. Led by founder Jon Mommaerts , the team will rebrand as Carson Wealth's Marquette Office . This acquisition follows other recent buyouts and advisor additions for Carson Group, which navigated executive changes in the past year. Stifel Completes B. Riley Deal, Adds $4B in AUM Stifel Financial finalizes its acquisition of a segment of B. Riley 's wealth business, bringing on 36 advisors and $4B in assets under management. This follows earlier discussions of a larger sale after B. Riley faced SEC scrutiny. Stifel's wealth management unit now manages over $500B in client assets. Prospera Acquires IBD Cutter & Co Dallas-based Prospera Financial Services acquired St. Louis broker-dealer Cutter & Company ($2B AUM) in a deal finalized March 31. Cutter's leadership and 40 advisors will remain. The acquisition brings Prospera's total AUM to over $24B. NorthRock Partners Buys Advisory Practice in Chicago Minneapolis-based $6.7B NorthRock Partners acquired the Greater Chicago area practice of veteran advisor Tony Pondel , who was previously with LPL for 23 years, supporting NorthRock's regional expansion strategy. EP Wealth Enters Cincinnati Area With Deal for $385M RIA EP Wealth Advisors acquired $385M Fort Wright, KY-based AlphaMark Advisors , expanding into Kentucky and the Greater Cincinnati area. AlphaMark, founded in 1999, is a five-member team led by Michael Simon . This is EP Wealth's fourth acquisition of 2025. $1B West Coast RIA Monterey Private Wealth Joins Creative Planning Creative Planning acquired Monterey Private Wealth , a $1B fee-only RIA in Monterey, CA, effective March 31, establishing a presence on California's Central Coast. The 13-member team, led by Cristofer Cabanillas , Gary E.D. Alt , and Steven Merrell , offers comprehensive financial planning services. Pure Financial Acquires $900M Chicago-area RIA Pure Financial Advisors acquired Wheaton, IL-based RIA Fairhaven Wealth Management , with $900M in client assets, financed with cash and equity. Fairhaven, led by Marc Horner , offers financial planning and investment services. Safeguard Investment Enters Arizona with RIA Acquisition Safeguard Investment Advisory Group expands into Arizona with the acquisition of Scottsdale-based RIA Solutions First Financial Group , led by CEO Joe Donti . The Corona, CA-based firm, with $603M in assets, opened its new office on April 1st. BFS Acquires $350M New England RIA Bradley, Foster, & Sargent (BFS) of Hartford, CT, acquired $350M RIA Napatree Capital , founded by Jeff Ligouri in Westerley, R.I. Ligouri joins BFS as EVP, and Aaron Simmons becomes a portfolio manager. Napatree's team will maintain offices in Rhode Island and Longmeadow, MA. SFA Partners’ Strategic Blueprint Acquires a Trio of Wealth Managers Strategic Blueprint , a subsidiary of SFA Partners , acquired AdvicePoint , The Wealth Plan Company , and Clarity Financial Advisors , adding a total of $200M in client assets. Lido Adds $870M in AUM with Bay Area Advisor Deal Lido Advisors of Los Angeles acquired Bay Area RIA BluePointe Capital Management , which manages over $870M in assets. BluePointe founder and CEO Sanheev Sardana joins Lido as a partner. This marks Lido's first acquisition of the year, bringing its total regulatory AUM to over $29B. RIAs Merge to Form Florida-based Bastion Fiduciary Islamorada Investment Management (IIM) acquired Picket Fence Financial and rebranded as Bastion Fiduciary , with $110M in client assets. Led by IIM's Cale Smith as CEO and Picket Fence's Kirk Kinder as director of financial planning, the seven-person team operates from a headquarters in Islamorada, FL, and multiple offices across the US. Modern Wealth Acquires $310M Chicagoland RIA OFM Wealth Modern Wealth Management acquired OFM Wealth of Orland Park, IL, adding $310M in AUM and a six-person team led by founder Sam Ogrizovich . This marks Modern Wealth's 16th acquisition, bringing its total AUM to over $7.5B across 18 offices in 13 states. Merit Financial Acquires $597M Wisconsin RIA Merit Financial Advisors acquired Green Bay, WI-based Safeguard Wealth Management , an RIA with a strong YouTube presence, adding $597M in client assets. Safeguard's founders will take on new roles at Merit, marking Merit's 36th acquisition. McKinsey Seeking Buyer for $24B MIO Partners McKinsey & Co. is reportedly proceeding with the sale of its $24B wealth unit, MIO Partners . Leading the transaction is Ardea Partners , with McKinsey preferring a strategic acquirer over private equity. Allworth Buys $1.5B Indianapolis RIA Sheaff Brock $28B Allworth Financial is acquiring $1.5B Indianapolis-based RIA Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors , its first deal of 2025 and the second-largest in its history. Allworth CEO John Bunch expects the deal will close in early summer, furthering the Folsom, CA-based firm's aim to develop Indianapolis as a central hub with over 50 employees and $3B in assets. $3.9B Schechter Acquires Enlightened Finance Michigan's $3.9B RIA Schechter Investment Advisors has acquired Enlightened Finance , a Rochester, NY, fee-based firm founded by Alex Martin , to gain access to mass affluent clients. This is Schecter’s second acquisition and will increase its total client assets to around $4B. The Retirement Planning Group Makes Three Acquisitions in First Quarter 2025 Cetera ’s employee-based RIA The Retirement Planning Group expanded its nationwide presence with first-quarter acquisitions of Hawkes Wealth Management in Binghamton, NY, Wealtheon Advisors in San Ramon, CA, and Financial Research, Inc. in Seattle, adding a combined $180M in client assets. RIA Investments Procyon Partners Secures Minority Investment from Constellation Dynasty Financial -backed Procyon Partners received a minority investment from Constellation Wealth Capital to fuel growth, enhance advisor resources, and open offices in key markets. Procyon will remain independently operated with Dynasty's continued support. Cary Street Partners Sells Majority Stake to CIVC Partners Private equity firm CIVC Partners will acquire a majority stake in $10B wealth manager Cary Street Partners Financial (CSP) . The deal, supported by CSP's board, will provide capital for growth and acquisitions. CSP insiders will retain roughly half of the firm's ownership and have committed to reinvesting. Zoe Closes $29.6M Funding Round With RIA Client Support Digital wealth platform Zoe Financial secured $29.6M in Series B funding led by Sageview Capital , bringing its total funding to $45M. The investment will be used to scale the team and enhance the platform's capabilities, which provides RIAs with business development, operational support, and client referrals. 119th Street Capital Announces Strategic Investment in Maridea Wealth Management Brooklyn-based, $470M RIA Maridea Wealth Management , received an investment from 119th Street Capital , an investment vehicle of Indiana's Schrage banking family, alongside Pelican Capital .", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_303_the-top-10-rias-in-stamford

{'title': 'The Top 10 RIAs in Stamford', 'introduction': "If you're in investment sales, you likely already know that one of the biggest problems of selling to the RIA  channel is the sheer size of it. The RIA market across the United States consists of over 36,000 firms, which means that while there are more than enough to choose from when looking for new clients, narrowing down the list to only those that allocate to outside managers is going to be key. Here at Dakota, we’ve raised over $6 billion from over 350 RIAs, and that has been possible because we qualify and curate our list to only RIAs that allocate to outside managers. In an effort to help narrow down the sheer size of the market, we’ve put together a list of the top 10 RIAs in each major metro area across the country. To determine our list, we looked for three things: An AUM above $200 million A dedicated analyst team An RIA that actively allocates capital to outside investment management firms In this article, we're highlighting the top 10 RIAs in Stamford, Connecticut from our curated institutional investor database, Dakota Marketplace. However, this is by no means a “best of” list, as there are so many high quality RIAs in Stamford. By the end of the article, you'll have a clear idea of the landscape and who you can be calling on. 1. NewEdge Wealth AUM: $4,357,325,859 About: NewEdge Wealth is part of NewEdge Capital Group, a leading provider of best-in-class, technology-enabled solutions for Financial Advisors. NewEdge is a new brand name, but it is a business that traces its roots back over 35 years with deep experience supporting financial advisors with the complexities of running a successful wealth management business. 2. Northeast Financial Consultants AUM:$3,810,000,000 About: Northeast Financial was founded in 1983 by Elwood Davis to provide comprehensive financial counseling services to teams of senior executives at select public companies. What began as a financial planning and tax advisory business has evolved into a multifamily office to support the family, lifestyle and legacy objectives of our High Net Worth clients and their families. Northeast Financial is an independent Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) that is registered with the SEC, with over $4.5 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2021. 3. Coastal Bridge Advisors AUM:$2,374,786,806 About: Coastal Bridge Advisors begins almost every relationship by listening to clients, hearing about what they want to achieve, what might keep them awake at night when they think about wealth and finances, and how they'd like to enjoy your life while working and in retirement. Once they've collaborated with the client to identify goals, their team goes into action to help make sure they reach them. Along the way, the team “uncomplicates it” which means taking the complex or potentially challenging parts of the financial management process and explaining them in simple, clear terms so that you can make an informed decision at every step in the process. 4. Relyea Zuckerberg Hanson LLC AUM:$1,341,371,332 About: RZH Advisors is a privately owned, independent wealth management firm passionate about helping empower people to confidently enjoy their wealth, knowing it’s protected from the financial uncertainties of life. To accomplish this, they immerse themselves in the lives of their clients and strive to know them far better than other firms. As a result, their approach to managing wealth helps lead to decisions that address every aspect of a client’s life. 5. Tortoise Investment Management AUM:$1,165,603,318 About: Tortoise Investment Management provides discretionary investment management and wealth planning services primarily to high net-worth families and individuals, and trusts. 6. Carson Wealth (formerly Karn Couzens & Associates) AUM: $800,000,000 About: Founded in 1983, Carson Wealth has grown to become a Barron’s Hall of Fame firm, serving clients through holistic financial planning, disciplined investment strategies, and proactive personal service. 7. Hollow Brook Wealth Management AUM:$721,414,657 About: Your financial success is Hollow Brook's highest priority and the customer service experience greatly matters to them. Their purpose is to oversee and manage their clients' wealth with care, skill, and excellence. They proactively adapt their portfolios through evolving market conditions while remaining focused on the long-term. 8. Webster Wealth Advisors AUM:$500,000,000 About: Webster Wealth Advisors, provides comprehensive financial planning and wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families. They work with individuals and families to design and implement a customized financial plan that is specifically tailored to help meet their unique needs. At Webster Wealth Advisors, they become their clients' personal chief financial officer. 9. RiskBridge Advisors AUM:$400,000,000 About: RiskBridge Advisors fosters a deep respect for the philanthropic community and its crucial role in the economic well-being of the nation and the world. By focusing on education, science, medicine, arts & culture, and the environment, philanthropies positively impact economic growth and productivity. Their guiding principle is to help endowments, foundations, and their advocates persevere and achieve extraordinary outcomes. RiskBridge's vision is to help clients build resilient legacies, secure better retirements, find more cures, award more scholarships, deliver more grants, and offer more community services. 10. Granite Group Advisors, LLC AUM: $392,000,000 About: Granite Group Advisors is an independent wealth management firm founded by executives with more than 25 years of experience at leading financial firms. They have been disrupting the Wall Street wealth management model for over 15 years, delivering compelling results by serving as the Investor’s Advocate. While the above are the RIAs in Stamford with the highest AUM, you can access the complete list of Stamford RIAs in Dakota Marketplace. To find out more, we'd love to offer a free trial of the platform.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Top 10 RIAs in Stamford', 'content': "If you're in investment sales, you likely already know that one of the biggest problems of selling to the RIA  channel is the sheer size of it. The RIA market across the United States consists of over 36,000 firms, which means that while there are more than enough to choose from when looking for new clients, narrowing down the list to only those that allocate to outside managers is going to be key. Here at Dakota, we’ve raised over $6 billion from over 350 RIAs, and that has been possible because we qualify and curate our list to only RIAs that allocate to outside managers. In an effort to help narrow down the sheer size of the market, we’ve put together a list of the top 10 RIAs in each major metro area across the country. To determine our list, we looked for three things: An AUM above $200 million A dedicated analyst team An RIA that actively allocates capital to outside investment management firms In this article, we're highlighting the top 10 RIAs in Stamford, Connecticut from our curated institutional investor database, Dakota Marketplace. However, this is by no means a “best of” list, as there are so many high quality RIAs in Stamford. By the end of the article, you'll have a clear idea of the landscape and who you can be calling on. 1. NewEdge Wealth AUM: $4,357,325,859 About: NewEdge Wealth is part of NewEdge Capital Group, a leading provider of best-in-class, technology-enabled solutions for Financial Advisors. NewEdge is a new brand name, but it is a business that traces its roots back over 35 years with deep experience supporting financial advisors with the complexities of running a successful wealth management business. 2. Northeast Financial Consultants AUM:$3,810,000,000 About: Northeast Financial was founded in 1983 by Elwood Davis to provide comprehensive financial counseling services to teams of senior executives at select public companies. What began as a financial planning and tax advisory business has evolved into a multifamily office to support the family, lifestyle and legacy objectives of our High Net Worth clients and their families. Northeast Financial is an independent Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) that is registered with the SEC, with over $4.5 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2021. 3. Coastal Bridge Advisors AUM:$2,374,786,806 About: Coastal Bridge Advisors begins almost every relationship by listening to clients, hearing about what they want to achieve, what might keep them awake at night when they think about wealth and finances, and how they'd like to enjoy your life while working and in retirement. Once they've collaborated with the client to identify goals, their team goes into action to help make sure they reach them. Along the way, the team “uncomplicates it” which means taking the complex or potentially challenging parts of the financial management process and explaining them in simple, clear terms so that you can make an informed decision at every step in the process. 4. Relyea Zuckerberg Hanson LLC AUM:$1,341,371,332 About: RZH Advisors is a privately owned, independent wealth management firm passionate about helping empower people to confidently enjoy their wealth, knowing it’s protected from the financial uncertainties of life. To accomplish this, they immerse themselves in the lives of their clients and strive to know them far better than other firms. As a result, their approach to managing wealth helps lead to decisions that address every aspect of a client’s life. 5. Tortoise Investment Management AUM:$1,165,603,318 About: Tortoise Investment Management provides discretionary investment management and wealth planning services primarily to high net-worth families and individuals, and trusts. 6. Carson Wealth (formerly Karn Couzens & Associates) AUM: $800,000,000 About: Founded in 1983, Carson Wealth has grown to become a Barron’s Hall of Fame firm, serving clients through holistic financial planning, disciplined investment strategies, and proactive personal service. 7. Hollow Brook Wealth Management AUM:$721,414,657 About: Your financial success is Hollow Brook's highest priority and the customer service experience greatly matters to them. Their purpose is to oversee and manage their clients' wealth with care, skill, and excellence. They proactively adapt their portfolios through evolving market conditions while remaining focused on the long-term. 8. Webster Wealth Advisors AUM:$500,000,000 About: Webster Wealth Advisors, provides comprehensive financial planning and wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families. They work with individuals and families to design and implement a customized financial plan that is specifically tailored to help meet their unique needs. At Webster Wealth Advisors, they become their clients' personal chief financial officer. 9. RiskBridge Advisors AUM:$400,000,000 About: RiskBridge Advisors fosters a deep respect for the philanthropic community and its crucial role in the economic well-being of the nation and the world. By focusing on education, science, medicine, arts & culture, and the environment, philanthropies positively impact economic growth and productivity. Their guiding principle is to help endowments, foundations, and their advocates persevere and achieve extraordinary outcomes. RiskBridge's vision is to help clients build resilient legacies, secure better retirements, find more cures, award more scholarships, deliver more grants, and offer more community services. 10. Granite Group Advisors, LLC AUM: $392,000,000 About: Granite Group Advisors is an independent wealth management firm founded by executives with more than 25 years of experience at leading financial firms. They have been disrupting the Wall Street wealth management model for over 15 years, delivering compelling results by serving as the Investor’s Advocate. While the above are the RIAs in Stamford with the highest AUM, you can access the complete list of Stamford RIAs in Dakota Marketplace. To find out more, we'd love to offer a free trial of the platform.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_073_how-to-leverage-rias-with-dakota-marketplace

{'title': 'How to Leverage RIAs with Dakota Marketplace', 'introduction': "The RIA space is a goldmine for investment sales professionals, offering boundless opportunities to raise capital. With their independent structure and fiduciary obligations, RIAs have the flexibility to explore a diverse range of investment strategies, making them prime targets for fundraisers. For investment sales professionals, the key to unlocking this potential lies in identifying the right RIAs - those actively allocating capital to outside managers. However, without a proper database, prospecting in the vast RIA landscape can feel like searching for a needle in a haystack. A reliable database is essential for streamlining your outreach, quickly pinpointing RIAs that align with your investment strategy. While many platforms offer lists sourced from Form ADV data and other industry registries, not all databases are built equally. Some provide little more than static spreadsheets, while others serve as dynamic, real-time lead generation tools. Recognizing the power of a well-designed platform, we created Dakota Marketplace. Built specifically for investment sales professionals, Dakota Marketplace gives you the edge by offering real-time updates, advanced filtering, and deep insights into RIAs. In this article, we’ll explore how Dakota Marketplace can revolutionize your RIA outreach, helping you harness the full potential of this lucrative channel. By the end, you’ll see why having the right database is critical to driving your success. Dakota Marketplace for RIAs Dakota Marketplace is an institutional and intermediary investor database designed by fundraisers, for fundraisers. Launched in 2019 and serving over 1,000 firms, the platform is updated in real-time, offering complete cross-channel coverage. With the implementation of the first ever filterable Form ADV Database, Dakota Marketplace offers fast access to Form ADV data, eliminating the need to wade through cumbersome government websites. The platform provides essential insights, including: Detailed advisory business descriptions AUM breakdown by client type Custodian relationships and corresponding business volumes Ownership information Private fund reporting, and more One key feature, via the private fund reporting, is the ability to target feeder funds, which offer RIAs a way to pool client capital and access alternative investments without the high entry barriers. For RIAs whose clients want exposure to illiquid alternatives but can’t meet individual minimums, feeder funds present an ideal solution. Dakota Marketplace makes it simple to identify RIAs using feeder funds, saving time and increasing your chances of securing meetings with firms that are ready to invest in alternatives. From our extensive database of over 14,500 RIAs, we’ve curated a list of 450 RIAs actively creating feeder funds. Targeting these RIAs is even more effective when factoring in custodian relationships – 350 of these RIAs are with Schwab and Fidelity, custodians known for their independence and flexibility in investment decisions. Unlike RIAs tied to broker-dealers like LPL or Wells Fargo, Schwab and Fidelity RIAs face fewer restrictions when allocating to alternatives, making them prime candidates for outreach. Beyond sales efficiency, feeder funds streamline operations for alternative managers by reducing administrative burdens. Instead of managing multiple small accounts, you deal with a single LP, the feeder fund, leading to a more efficient and smoother investment process. The value of Dakota Marketplace is clear: it not only gives you access to over 14,000 RIAs, but also enables you to focus on the most strategic opportunities – those actively using feeder funds and supported by accurate, real-time Form ADV data – making your sales efforts more efficient and targeted. Start Raising Money from RIAs! Dakota Marketplace is more than just a database; it’s a strategic tool for fundraisers looking to identify and connect with RIAs. By offering detailed Form ADV data and insights into feeder funds, it simplifies the process of targeting firms that are ready to invest. With access to over 14,500 RIAs, including 450 firms focused on feeder funds, Dakota Marketplace allows you to pinpoint the most strategic opportunities, saving time and boosting your chances of success. The platform's real-time updates and focus on efficiency ensure that your outreach is targeted and impactful, ultimately streamlining both sales and operations for alternative managers. To learn more about Dakota Marketplace for RIAs, book a demo!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'How to Leverage RIAs with Dakota Marketplace', 'content': "The RIA space is a goldmine for investment sales professionals, offering boundless opportunities to raise capital. With their independent structure and fiduciary obligations, RIAs have the flexibility to explore a diverse range of investment strategies, making them prime targets for fundraisers. For investment sales professionals, the key to unlocking this potential lies in identifying the right RIAs - those actively allocating capital to outside managers. However, without a proper database, prospecting in the vast RIA landscape can feel like searching for a needle in a haystack. A reliable database is essential for streamlining your outreach, quickly pinpointing RIAs that align with your investment strategy. While many platforms offer lists sourced from Form ADV data and other industry registries, not all databases are built equally. Some provide little more than static spreadsheets, while others serve as dynamic, real-time lead generation tools. Recognizing the power of a well-designed platform, we created Dakota Marketplace. Built specifically for investment sales professionals, Dakota Marketplace gives you the edge by offering real-time updates, advanced filtering, and deep insights into RIAs. In this article, we’ll explore how Dakota Marketplace can revolutionize your RIA outreach, helping you harness the full potential of this lucrative channel. By the end, you’ll see why having the right database is critical to driving your success. Dakota Marketplace for RIAs Dakota Marketplace is an institutional and intermediary investor database designed by fundraisers, for fundraisers. Launched in 2019 and serving over 1,000 firms, the platform is updated in real-time, offering complete cross-channel coverage. With the implementation of the first ever filterable Form ADV Database, Dakota Marketplace offers fast access to Form ADV data, eliminating the need to wade through cumbersome government websites. The platform provides essential insights, including: Detailed advisory business descriptions AUM breakdown by client type Custodian relationships and corresponding business volumes Ownership information Private fund reporting, and more One key feature, via the private fund reporting, is the ability to target feeder funds, which offer RIAs a way to pool client capital and access alternative investments without the high entry barriers. For RIAs whose clients want exposure to illiquid alternatives but can’t meet individual minimums, feeder funds present an ideal solution. Dakota Marketplace makes it simple to identify RIAs using feeder funds, saving time and increasing your chances of securing meetings with firms that are ready to invest in alternatives. From our extensive database of over 14,500 RIAs, we’ve curated a list of 450 RIAs actively creating feeder funds. Targeting these RIAs is even more effective when factoring in custodian relationships – 350 of these RIAs are with Schwab and Fidelity, custodians known for their independence and flexibility in investment decisions. Unlike RIAs tied to broker-dealers like LPL or Wells Fargo, Schwab and Fidelity RIAs face fewer restrictions when allocating to alternatives, making them prime candidates for outreach. Beyond sales efficiency, feeder funds streamline operations for alternative managers by reducing administrative burdens. Instead of managing multiple small accounts, you deal with a single LP, the feeder fund, leading to a more efficient and smoother investment process. The value of Dakota Marketplace is clear: it not only gives you access to over 14,000 RIAs, but also enables you to focus on the most strategic opportunities – those actively using feeder funds and supported by accurate, real-time Form ADV data – making your sales efforts more efficient and targeted. Start Raising Money from RIAs! Dakota Marketplace is more than just a database; it’s a strategic tool for fundraisers looking to identify and connect with RIAs. By offering detailed Form ADV data and insights into feeder funds, it simplifies the process of targeting firms that are ready to invest. With access to over 14,500 RIAs, including 450 firms focused on feeder funds, Dakota Marketplace allows you to pinpoint the most strategic opportunities, saving time and boosting your chances of success. The platform's real-time updates and focus on efficiency ensure that your outreach is targeted and impactful, ultimately streamlining both sales and operations for alternative managers. To learn more about Dakota Marketplace for RIAs, book a demo!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_290_dakota-live-recap-alternatives-pension-summary-for

{'title': 'Dakota Live! Recap: Alternatives Pension Summary for June and July 2022', 'introduction': 'The saying “the more things change, the more they stay the same”  hits the mark as pension allocators continue to put money to work in an environment where they are dealing with the same headlines today as they were at the end of June:  FED, inflation, market volatility, and bond prices falling with yields increasing. Higher current yields continued to help funding status via the discount rate, increasing the Milliman funded index to 106% versus the 104% level they saw in July and making up for small loss in asset values. It is important to note this is the longest stretch we have seen of positive  funding status since the onset of the GFC in 2008 and illustrates the impact the interest rate cycles can on funding levels and how pensions allocate to asset classes in general. The total amount of funds allocated by pension funds in private credit, private real estate, and private equity during July and August was $27.7 billion. This was 25% higher than the run rate we had seen so far during the year and defied the typical slowdown usually seen during the summer months. Some stats during this reporting period: Total of 72 entities or pension funds were allocated fund 230 individual investment strategies were chosen 188 separate managers during the period had wins Over 38 investment sub-asset classes were allocated funds The trends which caught our eye: Private equity middle market buyout continued to be the largest allocation of choice- $3.6 B being committed Still no major increase in core fixed income allocations, despite higher bond yields, income seekers continued to allocate to real estate, but have pulled back in credit sensitive areas such as direct lending Infrastructure funds continue to move up in commitments made coming in in 3rd/4th each month in 2022. Allocators of size were: NY State Common fund placed $5.98 billion among 20 strategies with the largest allocations made in core real estate, ESG global public equities managed by Pictet and health-care bent private equity CPP Investments (Canadian Pension Plan) put $2.28 billion across 11 strategies focused in private equity and real estate Virginia Retirement System invested $1.85 billion across 12 various strategies focused in opportunistic real estate and buyout focused PE The strategies the won the largest commitments were: Blackstone who captured $2.5 billion in their Real Estate Partners X fund EQT who won$1.9 billion split even between their EQT X PE buyout fund and EQT Exeter Industrial Value Fund Apax with in their middle market buyout Apax XI fund with $650 million allocated', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Dakota Live! Recap: Alternatives Pension Summary for June and July 2022', 'content': 'The saying “the more things change, the more they stay the same”  hits the mark as pension allocators continue to put money to work in an environment where they are dealing with the same headlines today as they were at the end of June:  FED, inflation, market volatility, and bond prices falling with yields increasing. Higher current yields continued to help funding status via the discount rate, increasing the Milliman funded index to 106% versus the 104% level they saw in July and making up for small loss in asset values. It is important to note this is the longest stretch we have seen of positive  funding status since the onset of the GFC in 2008 and illustrates the impact the interest rate cycles can on funding levels and how pensions allocate to asset classes in general. The total amount of funds allocated by pension funds in private credit, private real estate, and private equity during July and August was $27.7 billion. This was 25% higher than the run rate we had seen so far during the year and defied the typical slowdown usually seen during the summer months. Some stats during this reporting period: Total of 72 entities or pension funds were allocated fund 230 individual investment strategies were chosen 188 separate managers during the period had wins Over 38 investment sub-asset classes were allocated funds The trends which caught our eye: Private equity middle market buyout continued to be the largest allocation of choice- $3.6 B being committed Still no major increase in core fixed income allocations, despite higher bond yields, income seekers continued to allocate to real estate, but have pulled back in credit sensitive areas such as direct lending Infrastructure funds continue to move up in commitments made coming in in 3rd/4th each month in 2022. Allocators of size were: NY State Common fund placed $5.98 billion among 20 strategies with the largest allocations made in core real estate, ESG global public equities managed by Pictet and health-care bent private equity CPP Investments (Canadian Pension Plan) put $2.28 billion across 11 strategies focused in private equity and real estate Virginia Retirement System invested $1.85 billion across 12 various strategies focused in opportunistic real estate and buyout focused PE The strategies the won the largest commitments were: Blackstone who captured $2.5 billion in their Real Estate Partners X fund EQT who won$1.9 billion split even between their EQT X PE buyout fund and EQT Exeter Industrial Value Fund Apax with in their middle market buyout Apax XI fund with $650 million allocated', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_270_q3-2022-13f-alternatives-insights

{'title': 'Q3 2022 13F Alternatives Insights', 'introduction': 'This year’s inflation and the response from central banks has been tough for many publicly investable markets, and a headwind for the standard 60/40 portfolio mix. This has increased the case for alternatives across all investment vehicles: funds, ETFs and interval closed end and traditional LP structures. In general, alts can be labeled as any strategy that offers returns uncorrelated to the stock and bond market and should be yielding diversification benefits. The definition seems simple, but as these solutions come to market, many allocators have realized it is not that simple.  Today, thousands of unique strategies like private equity, real assets, private “everything”, hedge funds, tactical asset allocation, thematic and so on all have made claims to offer uncorrelated returns and all compete for capital from allocators. At the end of the day, the goal for many allocators in adding alts to a 60/40 construction, in whatever percentage, is lower the correlation to that blend and to remember that lower correlations do not always equal total return. Source: JP Morgan Asset Management In reviewing the Q3 13F filings, it is clear that allocators continue to add to these strategies and are embracing the democratization of Alts via many vehicles. As this continues, we can already access a very large sub–set of Alts via ETFs and ‘40 act funds. While ETFs have attempted to tackle each asset class for investors, the liquidity requirements of ETFs have made them usually more suitable in areas that trade frequently like derivatives, stocks, and bonds. Because of that liquidity requirement, some areas such as real estate subsectors, infrastructure and private equity/credit have not seen much ETF development. Looking at Alts product creation from asset managers, ETFs have seen more innovation over mutual funds seeing a 40% increase in launches since the beginning of 2021 VS a 4% increase in mutual funds.  Looking at the asset flow growth via the 13Fs we have seen a 12% increase in the asset base of Alts ETFs.  But when we look at the reported asset base growth in Alts mutual funds, it is eye opening with a 44% increase over the period. Why the wide dispersion in product growth and AUM between the two?  The 13 F filings in MarketPlace showed us that allocators are using alts ETFs mainly for tactical exposure and enhanced income strategies through Q3. Whereas mutual fund formats are being used for longer term allocation in multi strat and long/short or market neutral strategies.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Q3 2022 13F Alternatives Insights', 'content': 'This year’s inflation and the response from central banks has been tough for many publicly investable markets, and a headwind for the standard 60/40 portfolio mix. This has increased the case for alternatives across all investment vehicles: funds, ETFs and interval closed end and traditional LP structures. In general, alts can be labeled as any strategy that offers returns uncorrelated to the stock and bond market and should be yielding diversification benefits. The definition seems simple, but as these solutions come to market, many allocators have realized it is not that simple.  Today, thousands of unique strategies like private equity, real assets, private “everything”, hedge funds, tactical asset allocation, thematic and so on all have made claims to offer uncorrelated returns and all compete for capital from allocators. At the end of the day, the goal for many allocators in adding alts to a 60/40 construction, in whatever percentage, is lower the correlation to that blend and to remember that lower correlations do not always equal total return. Source: JP Morgan Asset Management In reviewing the Q3 13F filings, it is clear that allocators continue to add to these strategies and are embracing the democratization of Alts via many vehicles. As this continues, we can already access a very large sub–set of Alts via ETFs and ‘40 act funds. While ETFs have attempted to tackle each asset class for investors, the liquidity requirements of ETFs have made them usually more suitable in areas that trade frequently like derivatives, stocks, and bonds. Because of that liquidity requirement, some areas such as real estate subsectors, infrastructure and private equity/credit have not seen much ETF development. Looking at Alts product creation from asset managers, ETFs have seen more innovation over mutual funds seeing a 40% increase in launches since the beginning of 2021 VS a 4% increase in mutual funds.  Looking at the asset flow growth via the 13Fs we have seen a 12% increase in the asset base of Alts ETFs.  But when we look at the reported asset base growth in Alts mutual funds, it is eye opening with a 44% increase over the period. Why the wide dispersion in product growth and AUM between the two?  The 13 F filings in MarketPlace showed us that allocators are using alts ETFs mainly for tactical exposure and enhanced income strategies through Q3. Whereas mutual fund formats are being used for longer term allocation in multi strat and long/short or market neutral strategies.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_245_the-top-15-largest-hedge-fund-of-funds

{'title': 'The Top 15 Largest Hedge Fund of Funds', 'introduction': 'With over 432 hedge funds launched in 2022 alone, the universe of hedge funds continues to be very large bucket for allocator to wade through and pick the right style and manager. As fund of funds differentiate themselves based on their skill of identifying, evaluating, and monitoring managers, they often have a large number of specialized analysts with an often global footprint. Fund of funds are often able to invest early, move quicker, and allocate larger amounts than many other allocators and should be a key area of focus for every alternative strategy across its lifecycle. At Dakota, we’ve been raising capital within the fund of funds channel since 2006, and have raised over $30 billion dollars over the last fourteen years. In that time we’ve also established Dakota Marketplace, an institutional investor database of accounts and contacts that houses all of this information. To help you narrow down the size of the channel, we’ve put together a list of the 15 largest fund of fund platforms that focus on hedge fund of fund strategies. By the end of this article, you will have a better idea of this class of alternatives channel, as well as who might be the right people for you and your team to call on. 1. SkyBridge Capital II Fund of funs strategy: SkyBridge Multi-Adviser HF Portfolios G Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $4,980,000,000.00 Location: New York, NY 2. Pinnacle Asset Management Fund of funs strategy: Pinnacle Natural Resources, L.P. Hedge fund type: Macro/systematic Fund size: $2,295,000,000.00 Location: New York, NY 3.  Veritable Fund of funs strategy: Vittoria Fund LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $1,977,445,299.00 Location: Newtown, PA 4. ABS Fund of funs strategy: ABS Emerging Markets Strategic Port, LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $1,454,200,000.00 Location: Greenwich, CT 5. SCS Financial Services Fund of funs strategy: SCS Capital Partners, LLC Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size:  $1,230,747,665.00 Location: Boston, MA 6. Alliance Bernstein Fund of funs strategy: AllianceBernstein Multi-Manage Alter Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $1,108,788,348.00 Location: New York, NY 7. Ironwood Capital Management Fund of funs strategy: Ironwood Partners L.P. Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $1,045,000,000.00 Location: San Francisco, CA 8. Ironwood Capital Management Fund of funs strategy: Blue Rock Capital Fund L.P. Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $655,700,000.00 Location: Wayzata, MN 9. Magnitude Capital Fund of funs strategy: Magnitude US Partners Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $615,774,280.00 Location: New York, NY 10. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of funs strategy:Riverview Global Macro Fund LP Hedge fund type: Macro/systematic Fund size: $580,000,000.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA 11. Lighthouse Partners Fund of fund strategy: Lighthouse Global Long/Short Fund LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size:  $433,000,000.00 Location: Palm Beach Gardens, FL 12. Lighthouse Partners Fund of fund strategy: Lighthouse Diversified Fund LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $349,000,000.00 Location: Palm Beach Gardens, FL 13. Infinity Capital Fund of fund strategy: Infinity Premier Fund, LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $315,710,000.00 Location: Atlanta, GA 14. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of fund strategy: Riverview Premium Partners Fund II LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $302,000,000.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA 15. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of fund strategy: AIP Absolute Return Fund STS Hedge fund type: HF Fund of Funds - Multi-strategy Fund size: $296,698,098.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The Top 15 Largest Hedge Fund of Funds', 'content': 'With over 432 hedge funds launched in 2022 alone, the universe of hedge funds continues to be very large bucket for allocator to wade through and pick the right style and manager. As fund of funds differentiate themselves based on their skill of identifying, evaluating, and monitoring managers, they often have a large number of specialized analysts with an often global footprint. Fund of funds are often able to invest early, move quicker, and allocate larger amounts than many other allocators and should be a key area of focus for every alternative strategy across its lifecycle. At Dakota, we’ve been raising capital within the fund of funds channel since 2006, and have raised over $30 billion dollars over the last fourteen years. In that time we’ve also established Dakota Marketplace, an institutional investor database of accounts and contacts that houses all of this information. To help you narrow down the size of the channel, we’ve put together a list of the 15 largest fund of fund platforms that focus on hedge fund of fund strategies. By the end of this article, you will have a better idea of this class of alternatives channel, as well as who might be the right people for you and your team to call on. 1. SkyBridge Capital II Fund of funs strategy: SkyBridge Multi-Adviser HF Portfolios G Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $4,980,000,000.00 Location: New York, NY 2. Pinnacle Asset Management Fund of funs strategy: Pinnacle Natural Resources, L.P. Hedge fund type: Macro/systematic Fund size: $2,295,000,000.00 Location: New York, NY 3.  Veritable Fund of funs strategy: Vittoria Fund LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $1,977,445,299.00 Location: Newtown, PA 4. ABS Fund of funs strategy: ABS Emerging Markets Strategic Port, LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $1,454,200,000.00 Location: Greenwich, CT 5. SCS Financial Services Fund of funs strategy: SCS Capital Partners, LLC Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size:  $1,230,747,665.00 Location: Boston, MA 6. Alliance Bernstein Fund of funs strategy: AllianceBernstein Multi-Manage Alter Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $1,108,788,348.00 Location: New York, NY 7. Ironwood Capital Management Fund of funs strategy: Ironwood Partners L.P. Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $1,045,000,000.00 Location: San Francisco, CA 8. Ironwood Capital Management Fund of funs strategy: Blue Rock Capital Fund L.P. Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size: $655,700,000.00 Location: Wayzata, MN 9. Magnitude Capital Fund of funs strategy: Magnitude US Partners Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $615,774,280.00 Location: New York, NY 10. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of funs strategy:Riverview Global Macro Fund LP Hedge fund type: Macro/systematic Fund size: $580,000,000.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA 11. Lighthouse Partners Fund of fund strategy: Lighthouse Global Long/Short Fund LP Hedge fund type: Equity Fund size:  $433,000,000.00 Location: Palm Beach Gardens, FL 12. Lighthouse Partners Fund of fund strategy: Lighthouse Diversified Fund LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $349,000,000.00 Location: Palm Beach Gardens, FL 13. Infinity Capital Fund of fund strategy: Infinity Premier Fund, LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $315,710,000.00 Location: Atlanta, GA 14. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of fund strategy: Riverview Premium Partners Fund II LP Hedge fund type: Multi-strategy Fund size: $302,000,000.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA 15. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners Fund of fund strategy: AIP Absolute Return Fund STS Hedge fund type: HF Fund of Funds - Multi-strategy Fund size: $296,698,098.00 Location: West Conshohocken, PA', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_176_february-2024-financial-advisor-and-ria-moves-and

{'title': 'February 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'introduction': 'As February draws to an end, Dakota recorded a total of 32 transactions. Despite the month\'s shortness, even in a leap year, February\'s market activity remained consistent with our forecasts. In this article, we\'re listing the financial advisor and RIA moves and acquisitions we tracked in February 2024. By the end of this, you\'ll have a better understanding of movement that happened last month. One of the larger acquisitions this month; LPL Financial has announced its agreement to purchase Atria Wealth Solutions, marking a significant consolidation in the brokerage industry. Specific financials were not disclosed, but the acquisition was officially agreed upon with expectations to finalize in the latter half of 2024. Atria\'s affiliated advisors are slated to transition to LPL\'s platform by mid-2025, integrating their operations and client services. Atria, based in New York City, manages approximately $100 billion in client assets, indicating the scale and impact of this acquisition. One of the larger moves this month, UBS has recruited a nine-person advisory team from Merrill Lynch, known as Foley, DeLuise & Associates, which is based in Paramus, New Jersey. The team, overseeing more than $2 billion in assets, is now part of UBS’s Manhattan Market. Led by Matthew Foley, Lawrence DeLuise, and Christopher Butler, the team has extensive experience in the financial services industry, with Foley having 27 years, DeLuise 26 years, and Butler 14 years. Independents: Ameriprise Financial has added financial advisors from RBC Capital Markets, who operate as Pacific Crest Planning, based in Kennewick, WA. The team is led by private advisor Ryan Sullivan, with key members including Kyle Blodgett, Niles Gale and Landra Macy. The team manages over $525 million in assets and brings over a combined 66 years of industry experience. Financial advisors Jonathan Maloney and Niki Davis have moved from Wells Fargo Advisors to LPL Financial\'s advisor channel, bringing with them approximately $175 million in assets. They have established Maloney Davis Wealth Management in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as part of their move to LPL. Maloney, with 19 years in the industry, joined Wells in 2004, while Davis, a 10-year industry professional, started with Wells in 2013. Rockefeller Capital Management has added a four-advisor team from Truist Investment Services. The advisors, John Lewis, Joseph Bartholomew III, Richard Blackwell, and Kylie Roman, operate as Lewis Wealth Partners. They are based in Richmond, Virginia and manage approximately $1.8 billion in assets. Together, they bring 88 years of combined experience, with backgrounds at notable firms like BB&T Securities, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup Global Markets, SunTrust Investment Services, and UBS PaineWebber. UBS has recruited a team from Merrill Lynch, based in Albany, New York. The team, led by James P. Hart, a veteran with 38 years in the industry, managed $1.3 billion in assets at Merrill Lynch and includes members Emily Hoag, Natalie Squillace, and James\' son, Nolan. They specialize in serving athletes and entertainers. This group, known as The Hart Group, will be part of the UBS Greater New England Market and will operate from an Albany office under the leadership of Gabriel D’Amica. Garrett, Perkins & Horton Advisory Partners, based in Birmingham, Alabama has joined Summit Financial. They were previously with Ameriprise where they bring over approximately $530 million in assets. The team is led by Stephen Garrett, who has been with Ameriprise for his entire 32-year career, along with Mark Perkins and Brandon Horton, who have each spent about two decades at Ameriprise. Summit has added Brad Werner & Co, headquartered in Valparaiso, IN. The team is led by Brad Werner, who managed $195 million in assets at Securities America in both Indiana and Florida. Carmen Werner, who oversees operations for the practice, has also joined Summit alongside Brad. LPL Financial adds three financial advisors from Osaic Wealth, who collectively managed around $520 million in assets. The advisors, Jason Hohenstein, Kevin Snow, and William Zoromski, are based in Wausau, Wisconsin and operate under Equity Design Group. They have over 90 years of combined experience in the financial services sector and founded Equity Design in 1997. Previously, they were registered with SagePoint Financial, a predecessor of Osaic, since 2011, and have also worked with Onesco and Securities America. Blair Waller has joined LPL Financial, bringing with him approximately $150 million in assets. He was previously with Corebridge Financial, a subsidiary of AIG. With this move, he has launched Waller Creek Wealth Management in Austin, Texas. Waller aims to build a boutique practice focused on personalized client relationships. Anthony Englert, a former Goldman Sachs advisor, has founded Alfa Advisory in Denver, Colorado, focusing on serving entrepreneurs and business owners. Alfa Advisory has partnered with Sanctuary Wealth to provide technology, infrastructure, and back-office support to scale their visions and build wealth. The firm offers a range of services, including financial planning, investment management, and tax and estate planning. Englert\'s career includes significant tenure at Goldman Sachs, a brief period at Merrill Lynch, and time with Cetera Advisor Network before returning to Goldman and ultimately launching Alfa. NewEdge Wealth has recruited Roland Pritchett and Andrew Noble from JPMorgan to establish a new office in Atlanta. Pritchett, who brings over 30 years of experience in wealth management, has been appointed as the managing director of the new Atlanta office. His career includes tenures at UBS, Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management, and JPMorgan, where he held significant roles. Noble, who began his career in trading at Charles Schwab before transitioning to wealth management, joined JPMorgan in 2022 and has now moved to NewEdge along with Pritchett. Stifel has added Chehalis, WA-based Columbia Crest Financial Advisors, which manages approximately $335 million in assets. They were previously part of Wells Fargo and led by Richard Reith and Laura Nelson. Reith began his career in the investment industry in 2007, initially joining A.G. Edwards & Sons. He subsequently moved to Wells Fargo in 2008. Conversely, Nelson started her investment career in 2013 at LPL before moving to Wells Fargo in 2014. The team also includes advisors Silas Newkirk and Trina Whitten, with Whitten operating from a satellite office in Roseburg, Oregon. The four-person advisor team provides investment advice and insurance along with planning around retirement, taxes and estates. Morgan Stanley has recruited a veteran team of financial advisors from UBS, consisting of Jonathan Torop and Gregory Lang, based in Midtown Manhattan. The duo was responsible for managing approximately $329 million in client assets at the time of their departure. Jonathan Torop, a veteran with 24 years in the industry, has previously worked with prominent firms like Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse before his tenure at UBS starting in 2013. At UBS, he was part of the private wealth unit. Gregory Lang, who started his career in 2005, has a similar professional trajectory, having worked at Oppenheimer & Co., Goldman Sachs, and Credit Suisse prior to UBS. Cetera Financial Group has expanded its network by welcoming Regal Wealth Advisors to Summit Financial Networks, a division of Cetera Advisor Networks LLC. Regal Wealth, known for its extensive planning and investment services, managed over $312 million in assets. Previously affiliated with LPL Financial, Regal Wealth Advisors is based in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and its move to Cetera signifies a strategic shift in its business alignment within the financial advisory landscape. The firm was co-founded by Michael McCarthy and Andrew S. Pincus, both of whom bring a wealth of expertise and professional designations such as CFP, CLU, ChFC, JD, and CPA. Both co-founders come with 30 years of experience in the industry, having previously worked at NFP Advisors Services and Kestra Financial, prior to their affiliation with LPL Financial. They are joined by Fred DaVeiga, another seasoned investment expert. Raymond James has added two financial advisors, David Behar and David "Dave" Nagel, from Morgan Stanley, forming the Behar-Nagel Group within Raymond James & Associates in Hallandale Beach, Florida. The duo, specializing in serving business owners, executives, family offices, and pre-retirees, managed approximately $340 million in client assets at Morgan Stanley. Behar has accumulated over forty years of expertise in banking and wealth management, having held positions at Israel Discount Bank, Multi Commercial Private Bank Switzerland, and Multi Commercial Private Bank. He ventured into the financial advisory field with Smith Barney in 1999, subsequently moving to UBS in 2005, and then to Morgan Stanley in 2014. On the other hand, Nagel initiated his career in wealth management at Morgan Stanley six years before their transition, following a six-year tenure at an employment screening firm. The decision to join Raymond James was influenced by the firm\'s strong commitment to both domestic and international clients and its respect for advisors. This acquisition is part of a broader trend of Raymond James attracting several advisors from Morgan Stanley in recent months. Prospera Financial Services, a boutique wealth management firm, has broadened its network through the inclusion of Painter, Smith & Amberg, Inc. The team is led by advisors Charles Painter, David Smith, Jeffrey Amberg, and Kallie Rawson. This Redlands, California-based firm manages $650 million in assets under management. Painter, Smith & Amberg, Inc. was established in 1982 and provides sophisticated investment services that combine the advantages of large firms with the personalized touch of an independent practice. The firm prides itself on over 40 years of exceptional client service, grounded in experience, integrity, and commitment. The team\'s four advisors bring over a century of combined experience in wealth management, 401k services, and investment opportunities. Painter emphasized the shared values between the two firms, particularly noting Prospera\'s familial culture, strong leadership, and commitment to integrity. Prospera is known for its flexible and resourceful approach, maintaining a high rep-to-home office ratio for personalized support. Cubby Bice has recently shifted his practice, Bice Wealth Management, to LPL Financial. Bice made this move from Osaic to leverage LPL\'s broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platforms, bringing along approximately $130 million in client assets. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Bice Wealth Management is dedicated to helping clients achieve their financial objectives. With over 25 years of experience in the financial industry, Cubby Bice is known for devising personalized investment strategies that enrich clients\' lives. He is a well-qualified financial advisor, holding an MBA, AAMS, and CRPC designations. His professional journey started at Paine Webber in 1999. Following the merger of Paine Webber and UBS, he transitioned to A.G. Edwards, where he spent two years. Bice Wealth Management is supported by Cubby’s brother, Matt Bice and financial advisor, Kevin Nervegna. David Eisenhauer, a financial advisor who managed approximately $450 million in client assets at Northwestern Mutual, has left the broker-dealer to start his own firm, Greykasell Wealth Strategies. The firm is based in Danville, California, and aims to serve high-net-worth individuals, families, and business owners. Greykasell Wealth Strategies registered with the SEC in January 2024 and Eisenhauer is accompanied by his entire team from Northwestern, including Director of Investments Michael Kimbrough. After a 14-year tenure at Northwestern, this move marks a significant transition for Eisenhauer, who initially registered with the firm in 2010. Kimbrough began his career in the financial industry in 2005 as a broker at Merrill Lynch, later working at Citigroup Global Markets and BMO Capital Markets, before joining Northwestern in 2020. Pettinelli Financial Partners, a large financial advisor team based in Redwood City, California, has moved from Osaic Wealth to Stratos Wealth Partners. The team, led by founder Dennis Pettinelli and President Jon Pettinelli, consists of 22 members and manages $700 million in client assets. Dennis Pettinelli, with a 51-year career in the financial services industry, started at John Hancock and continued through various acquisitions to Osaic\'s predecessor. Jon Pettinelli has been with the firm since 2005 and took over as president when he purchased the firm from his father in January 2019. The transition to Stratos was driven by the firm\'s hybrid structure offering multiple custodians, the promise of enhanced operational efficiency, and the potential for further growth. Stratos also provides advisor support and portfolio management solutions to enhance client relationships. Financial advisors James "Jamie" P. Debuque and Timothy M. Baltz have launched a new independent practice, Continuity Private Wealth, through LPL Financial. The duo was previously affiliated with Merrill Lynch. The team, which reported managing around $1 billion in assets, is based in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, and focuses on serving affluent clients with complex estate, tax planning, and investment needs. James Debuque and Timothy Baltz have been partners for nearly 15 years, building a private wealth team alongside Chief Operating Officer Wendy A. Fratrik, Client Relationship Manager Nicole Ferrara, and Wealth Management Associate Lisa Baltz. Dubuque began his career in 1994 at Merrill Lynch and holds CPFA, CPRC and CPWA designations. Baltz entered the investment world in 1994, he spent most of his career at Merrill Lynch, which he joined in 2003. He holds CPFA and CRPC designations. Their practice has grown through mergers and acquisitions and a vast referral network, fostering deep relationships across multiple generations within the community. This transition allows them access to a broader range of investment options, advanced financial planning tools, and specialist support to offer unique client experiences, aligning with LPL\'s advisor-centric culture. Wells Fargo has expanded its network by hiring nine financial advisors in January. The advisors oversaw a combined total of about $950 million in assets at their previous firms. Kevin Connelly, a top performer among January\'s new hires, has transitioned to Wells Fargo\'s Private Client Group in Bethesda, Maryland, from UBS, where he generated over $1.1 million in revenue from nearly $195 million in client assets. Over his 37-year career, Connelly has completed a remarkable career milestone, having worked at all four major wirehouses—Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley (including its Citigroup Global Markets predecessor), UBS, and now Wells Fargo. Brett Fleckman transitioned to their Private Client Group in New York City from Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., bringing over $1 million in annual revenue from approximately $200 million in client assets. With over 19 years in the industry, Fleckman\'s career includes positions at notable firms such as AllianceBernstein, Thomas Weisel Partners, J.P. Morgan Securities, and Barclays Capital. Mason City, Iowa–based advisor Shannon Kropp moved from LPL Financial to Wells, managing over $167 million and generating more than $936,000 in annual revenue. Other recruits include H.W. Constantin Nelson from Morgan Stanley, Trent Brining from Copper Financial, and Gary Wayne from Janney Montgomery Scott, each bringing substantial experience and managing significant client assets. The bank channel at Wells Fargo was strengthened by the addition of Mike Dellisant and Dave Levin from Baker Tilly in San Diego, and Paul Curcio from Santander Securities in Allentown, Pennsylvania, all of whom bring years of experience and managed substantial assets. Raymond James has recruited an advisor team from Merrill Lynch. The team, the Anderson McKelvey Group, includes advisors Jesse Anderson, Christopher McKelvey, and Anthony Gilotti, and is based in Winter Park, FL. At Merrill Lynch, the team managed $450 million in assets, specializing in services for families, retirees, business owners, and executives in the aerospace and defense sectors. Jesse Anderson and Christopher McKelvey both initiated their careers in the financial sector at Morgan Stanley, with Anderson starting in 2001 and McKelvey in 2010, before moving to Merrill in 2011. Anderson holds CFA, CFP and CIMA designations, while McKelvey holds a CFP designation. Anthony Gilotti joined the team in 2022, following his graduation with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He holds a CRPC designation. Ameriprise Financial has welcomed a new advisor team from Merrill Lynch, bringing with them $320 million in client assets. The team, based in Tacoma, Washington, operates as Guthrie Rouner Group and consists of advisors Jim Guthrie and Stephen Rouner. They are also supported by Registered Client Service Associate Nick Vanderlinda. Jim Guthrie, who has been in the financial industry since 1995, initially started his career with Merrill Lynch. Guthrie also holds CFP and CRPC designations. Stephen Rouner entered the financial sector in 2010 with Chase Investment Services Corp and has also worked with J.P. Morgan Securities before joining Merrill Lynch in 2014. Both Guthrie and Rouner aim to enhance client relationships and increase efficiency in their practice through the support and tools provided by Ameriprise. This move highlights the ongoing shifts within the financial advisory landscape as professionals seek platforms that offer advanced resources and client-centric services. Acquisitions & RIAs: OneDigital Investment Advisors has acquired WealthSource Partners. WealthSource, based in San Luis Obispo, California, is a registered investment advisor firm that oversees approximately $2 billion in client assets. This acquisition marks a significant expansion for OneDigital, extending its wealth management presence across nine states, including Arizona, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas, Ohio, Tennessee, and Florida, with a team of 44 advisors. The firm was founded in 2009 when Bryan Sullivan of Vellum Financial and Eric Patton and Jon Dubravac of Avant-Garde Advisors combined their firms. WealthSource is a financial services company specializing in comprehensive financial planning, investment management, and insurance solutions. Miracle Mile Advisors has added two firms, bringing in a combined total of $600 million in assets under management. Caplan Financial Group, based in Baltimore, and Advisory Partners, located in Chicago. Caplan Financial Group, which caters to high-net-worth clients, manages approximately $350 million in assets. Advisory Partners, which adopts a family office model, oversees around $250 million. Carson Group has expanded its Northeast presence by adding Fisher Financial Advisors, marking its first acquisition of 2024. This collaboration introduces Carson Wealth\'s inaugural offices in New Hampshire and Vermont, enhancing the firm\'s geographic footprint. Fisher Financial, managed by Tim Fisher and his son Nate Fisher, manages $180 million and aims to leverage Carson\'s extensive resources. As part of the agreement, Fisher Financial will undergo rebranding to Carson Wealth. Wealth Enhancement Group (WEG) has acquired Washington Wealth Advisors, a Virginia-based independent RIA with assets exceeding $273 million. The acquired firm, led by Maura Schauss and Todd Youngdahl, comprises three financial advisors and four client service staff. Founded in 2011, Washington Wealth Advisors has established itself as a reliable financial advisor offering comprehensive services including financial and retirement planning, investment management, and more. The firm is known for its client-centric approach, prioritizing the best interests and experiences of its clients, including families, executives, and small business owners. Perigon Wealth Management has acquired Prudeo Partners, a registered investment advisor firm. Prudeo Partners was formerly known as Asset Management & Financial Planning. The firm, based in West Columbia, South Carolina and also operating from Reading, PA, oversees assets totaling $425 million. The team is made up of partners Michael Krumholz and Andrew Todd, along with a group of financial advisors. Michael Krumholz has been involved in financial services for over 25 years, registering with notable firms such as LPL Financial and Cambridge to name a few. Todd sparked his career in 2000 at Horizon Investments and subsequently established his own firm, Todd Financial Solution, in 2001. As Prudeo continues to grow, the team will eventually transition to the Perigon name. Pathstone has acquired Crestone Capital, a Boulder, Colorado-based registered investment advisor firm managing over $3 billion in client assets. Crestone, established in 1991 by Eric Kramer, focuses on providing advisory services to ultra-high-net-worth entrepreneurs and executives. With more than 50 employees and offices in Colorado, Texas, and California, Crestone serves about 150 families. As part of the acquisition, Eric Kramer will become a member of Pathstone\'s chief executive officer council and chief investment office. Eric Kramer, beyond his work at Crestone, has significantly impacted academia through his roles at the University of Colorado Foundation, serving on the board for over a decade and as Chairman of its Investment Committee for eight years. His extensive 40-year career in the industry was honored in 2019 with the University of Colorado Leeds School of Business Distinguished Alumni Lifetime Service Award. Allworth Financial has acquired Brennan Asset Management, a registered investment advisor based in Redding, California. Robert Brennan, the founder and CEO of Brennan Asset Management, expressed his desire to focus more on client service by reducing his operational duties through this partnership. The acquisition adds $300 million in assets to Allworth Financial\'s portfolio. Allworth Financial, recognized as one of America\'s rapidly expanding registered investment advisors (RIAs), has secured its third partnership in 2024 with this acquisition. This acquisition marks Allworth\'s 34th overall and expands its presence in California with its 16th office. Despite the significance of the deal, the financial terms were not made public. The Retirement Planning Group (TRPG) has acquired 100% of the assets of Dightman Capital Group, Inc., an RIA based in Overland Park, Kansas. Brian Dightman, President of Dightman Capital Group, will become a Senior Wealth Advisor at TRPG. He started his wealth management career in 2002 at RBC Wealth Management and spent the following 6 years learning the industry, which ultimately led to him forming the Registered Investment Advisory firm in 2008. Prior to becoming a Wealth Manager, Brian spent a dozen years in the technology industry at a variety of small and large hardware and software companies (Microtek, MetaCreations, aQuantive, Microsoft). This acquisition aligns with TRPG\'s ongoing mergers & acquisitions and is supported by Cetera Holdings, enhancing TRPG\'s position as a premier financial advisor Wealth Hub. Kevin Conard, CEO of TRPG, highlighted the acquisition as a step towards providing independent advisors with more client-focused time by reducing operational business burdens. To see more financial advisor moves, RIA moves, or acquisitions, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace below and follow the investment industry movements everyday!', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'February 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'content': 'As February draws to an end, Dakota recorded a total of 32 transactions. Despite the month\'s shortness, even in a leap year, February\'s market activity remained consistent with our forecasts. In this article, we\'re listing the financial advisor and RIA moves and acquisitions we tracked in February 2024. By the end of this, you\'ll have a better understanding of movement that happened last month. One of the larger acquisitions this month; LPL Financial has announced its agreement to purchase Atria Wealth Solutions, marking a significant consolidation in the brokerage industry. Specific financials were not disclosed, but the acquisition was officially agreed upon with expectations to finalize in the latter half of 2024. Atria\'s affiliated advisors are slated to transition to LPL\'s platform by mid-2025, integrating their operations and client services. Atria, based in New York City, manages approximately $100 billion in client assets, indicating the scale and impact of this acquisition. One of the larger moves this month, UBS has recruited a nine-person advisory team from Merrill Lynch, known as Foley, DeLuise & Associates, which is based in Paramus, New Jersey. The team, overseeing more than $2 billion in assets, is now part of UBS’s Manhattan Market. Led by Matthew Foley, Lawrence DeLuise, and Christopher Butler, the team has extensive experience in the financial services industry, with Foley having 27 years, DeLuise 26 years, and Butler 14 years. Independents: Ameriprise Financial has added financial advisors from RBC Capital Markets, who operate as Pacific Crest Planning, based in Kennewick, WA. The team is led by private advisor Ryan Sullivan, with key members including Kyle Blodgett, Niles Gale and Landra Macy. The team manages over $525 million in assets and brings over a combined 66 years of industry experience. Financial advisors Jonathan Maloney and Niki Davis have moved from Wells Fargo Advisors to LPL Financial\'s advisor channel, bringing with them approximately $175 million in assets. They have established Maloney Davis Wealth Management in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as part of their move to LPL. Maloney, with 19 years in the industry, joined Wells in 2004, while Davis, a 10-year industry professional, started with Wells in 2013. Rockefeller Capital Management has added a four-advisor team from Truist Investment Services. The advisors, John Lewis, Joseph Bartholomew III, Richard Blackwell, and Kylie Roman, operate as Lewis Wealth Partners. They are based in Richmond, Virginia and manage approximately $1.8 billion in assets. Together, they bring 88 years of combined experience, with backgrounds at notable firms like BB&T Securities, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup Global Markets, SunTrust Investment Services, and UBS PaineWebber. UBS has recruited a team from Merrill Lynch, based in Albany, New York. The team, led by James P. Hart, a veteran with 38 years in the industry, managed $1.3 billion in assets at Merrill Lynch and includes members Emily Hoag, Natalie Squillace, and James\' son, Nolan. They specialize in serving athletes and entertainers. This group, known as The Hart Group, will be part of the UBS Greater New England Market and will operate from an Albany office under the leadership of Gabriel D’Amica. Garrett, Perkins & Horton Advisory Partners, based in Birmingham, Alabama has joined Summit Financial. They were previously with Ameriprise where they bring over approximately $530 million in assets. The team is led by Stephen Garrett, who has been with Ameriprise for his entire 32-year career, along with Mark Perkins and Brandon Horton, who have each spent about two decades at Ameriprise. Summit has added Brad Werner & Co, headquartered in Valparaiso, IN. The team is led by Brad Werner, who managed $195 million in assets at Securities America in both Indiana and Florida. Carmen Werner, who oversees operations for the practice, has also joined Summit alongside Brad. LPL Financial adds three financial advisors from Osaic Wealth, who collectively managed around $520 million in assets. The advisors, Jason Hohenstein, Kevin Snow, and William Zoromski, are based in Wausau, Wisconsin and operate under Equity Design Group. They have over 90 years of combined experience in the financial services sector and founded Equity Design in 1997. Previously, they were registered with SagePoint Financial, a predecessor of Osaic, since 2011, and have also worked with Onesco and Securities America. Blair Waller has joined LPL Financial, bringing with him approximately $150 million in assets. He was previously with Corebridge Financial, a subsidiary of AIG. With this move, he has launched Waller Creek Wealth Management in Austin, Texas. Waller aims to build a boutique practice focused on personalized client relationships. Anthony Englert, a former Goldman Sachs advisor, has founded Alfa Advisory in Denver, Colorado, focusing on serving entrepreneurs and business owners. Alfa Advisory has partnered with Sanctuary Wealth to provide technology, infrastructure, and back-office support to scale their visions and build wealth. The firm offers a range of services, including financial planning, investment management, and tax and estate planning. Englert\'s career includes significant tenure at Goldman Sachs, a brief period at Merrill Lynch, and time with Cetera Advisor Network before returning to Goldman and ultimately launching Alfa. NewEdge Wealth has recruited Roland Pritchett and Andrew Noble from JPMorgan to establish a new office in Atlanta. Pritchett, who brings over 30 years of experience in wealth management, has been appointed as the managing director of the new Atlanta office. His career includes tenures at UBS, Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management, and JPMorgan, where he held significant roles. Noble, who began his career in trading at Charles Schwab before transitioning to wealth management, joined JPMorgan in 2022 and has now moved to NewEdge along with Pritchett. Stifel has added Chehalis, WA-based Columbia Crest Financial Advisors, which manages approximately $335 million in assets. They were previously part of Wells Fargo and led by Richard Reith and Laura Nelson. Reith began his career in the investment industry in 2007, initially joining A.G. Edwards & Sons. He subsequently moved to Wells Fargo in 2008. Conversely, Nelson started her investment career in 2013 at LPL before moving to Wells Fargo in 2014. The team also includes advisors Silas Newkirk and Trina Whitten, with Whitten operating from a satellite office in Roseburg, Oregon. The four-person advisor team provides investment advice and insurance along with planning around retirement, taxes and estates. Morgan Stanley has recruited a veteran team of financial advisors from UBS, consisting of Jonathan Torop and Gregory Lang, based in Midtown Manhattan. The duo was responsible for managing approximately $329 million in client assets at the time of their departure. Jonathan Torop, a veteran with 24 years in the industry, has previously worked with prominent firms like Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse before his tenure at UBS starting in 2013. At UBS, he was part of the private wealth unit. Gregory Lang, who started his career in 2005, has a similar professional trajectory, having worked at Oppenheimer & Co., Goldman Sachs, and Credit Suisse prior to UBS. Cetera Financial Group has expanded its network by welcoming Regal Wealth Advisors to Summit Financial Networks, a division of Cetera Advisor Networks LLC. Regal Wealth, known for its extensive planning and investment services, managed over $312 million in assets. Previously affiliated with LPL Financial, Regal Wealth Advisors is based in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and its move to Cetera signifies a strategic shift in its business alignment within the financial advisory landscape. The firm was co-founded by Michael McCarthy and Andrew S. Pincus, both of whom bring a wealth of expertise and professional designations such as CFP, CLU, ChFC, JD, and CPA. Both co-founders come with 30 years of experience in the industry, having previously worked at NFP Advisors Services and Kestra Financial, prior to their affiliation with LPL Financial. They are joined by Fred DaVeiga, another seasoned investment expert. Raymond James has added two financial advisors, David Behar and David "Dave" Nagel, from Morgan Stanley, forming the Behar-Nagel Group within Raymond James & Associates in Hallandale Beach, Florida. The duo, specializing in serving business owners, executives, family offices, and pre-retirees, managed approximately $340 million in client assets at Morgan Stanley. Behar has accumulated over forty years of expertise in banking and wealth management, having held positions at Israel Discount Bank, Multi Commercial Private Bank Switzerland, and Multi Commercial Private Bank. He ventured into the financial advisory field with Smith Barney in 1999, subsequently moving to UBS in 2005, and then to Morgan Stanley in 2014. On the other hand, Nagel initiated his career in wealth management at Morgan Stanley six years before their transition, following a six-year tenure at an employment screening firm. The decision to join Raymond James was influenced by the firm\'s strong commitment to both domestic and international clients and its respect for advisors. This acquisition is part of a broader trend of Raymond James attracting several advisors from Morgan Stanley in recent months. Prospera Financial Services, a boutique wealth management firm, has broadened its network through the inclusion of Painter, Smith & Amberg, Inc. The team is led by advisors Charles Painter, David Smith, Jeffrey Amberg, and Kallie Rawson. This Redlands, California-based firm manages $650 million in assets under management. Painter, Smith & Amberg, Inc. was established in 1982 and provides sophisticated investment services that combine the advantages of large firms with the personalized touch of an independent practice. The firm prides itself on over 40 years of exceptional client service, grounded in experience, integrity, and commitment. The team\'s four advisors bring over a century of combined experience in wealth management, 401k services, and investment opportunities. Painter emphasized the shared values between the two firms, particularly noting Prospera\'s familial culture, strong leadership, and commitment to integrity. Prospera is known for its flexible and resourceful approach, maintaining a high rep-to-home office ratio for personalized support. Cubby Bice has recently shifted his practice, Bice Wealth Management, to LPL Financial. Bice made this move from Osaic to leverage LPL\'s broker-dealer, RIA, and custodial platforms, bringing along approximately $130 million in client assets. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Bice Wealth Management is dedicated to helping clients achieve their financial objectives. With over 25 years of experience in the financial industry, Cubby Bice is known for devising personalized investment strategies that enrich clients\' lives. He is a well-qualified financial advisor, holding an MBA, AAMS, and CRPC designations. His professional journey started at Paine Webber in 1999. Following the merger of Paine Webber and UBS, he transitioned to A.G. Edwards, where he spent two years. Bice Wealth Management is supported by Cubby’s brother, Matt Bice and financial advisor, Kevin Nervegna. David Eisenhauer, a financial advisor who managed approximately $450 million in client assets at Northwestern Mutual, has left the broker-dealer to start his own firm, Greykasell Wealth Strategies. The firm is based in Danville, California, and aims to serve high-net-worth individuals, families, and business owners. Greykasell Wealth Strategies registered with the SEC in January 2024 and Eisenhauer is accompanied by his entire team from Northwestern, including Director of Investments Michael Kimbrough. After a 14-year tenure at Northwestern, this move marks a significant transition for Eisenhauer, who initially registered with the firm in 2010. Kimbrough began his career in the financial industry in 2005 as a broker at Merrill Lynch, later working at Citigroup Global Markets and BMO Capital Markets, before joining Northwestern in 2020. Pettinelli Financial Partners, a large financial advisor team based in Redwood City, California, has moved from Osaic Wealth to Stratos Wealth Partners. The team, led by founder Dennis Pettinelli and President Jon Pettinelli, consists of 22 members and manages $700 million in client assets. Dennis Pettinelli, with a 51-year career in the financial services industry, started at John Hancock and continued through various acquisitions to Osaic\'s predecessor. Jon Pettinelli has been with the firm since 2005 and took over as president when he purchased the firm from his father in January 2019. The transition to Stratos was driven by the firm\'s hybrid structure offering multiple custodians, the promise of enhanced operational efficiency, and the potential for further growth. Stratos also provides advisor support and portfolio management solutions to enhance client relationships. Financial advisors James "Jamie" P. Debuque and Timothy M. Baltz have launched a new independent practice, Continuity Private Wealth, through LPL Financial. The duo was previously affiliated with Merrill Lynch. The team, which reported managing around $1 billion in assets, is based in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, and focuses on serving affluent clients with complex estate, tax planning, and investment needs. James Debuque and Timothy Baltz have been partners for nearly 15 years, building a private wealth team alongside Chief Operating Officer Wendy A. Fratrik, Client Relationship Manager Nicole Ferrara, and Wealth Management Associate Lisa Baltz. Dubuque began his career in 1994 at Merrill Lynch and holds CPFA, CPRC and CPWA designations. Baltz entered the investment world in 1994, he spent most of his career at Merrill Lynch, which he joined in 2003. He holds CPFA and CRPC designations. Their practice has grown through mergers and acquisitions and a vast referral network, fostering deep relationships across multiple generations within the community. This transition allows them access to a broader range of investment options, advanced financial planning tools, and specialist support to offer unique client experiences, aligning with LPL\'s advisor-centric culture. Wells Fargo has expanded its network by hiring nine financial advisors in January. The advisors oversaw a combined total of about $950 million in assets at their previous firms. Kevin Connelly, a top performer among January\'s new hires, has transitioned to Wells Fargo\'s Private Client Group in Bethesda, Maryland, from UBS, where he generated over $1.1 million in revenue from nearly $195 million in client assets. Over his 37-year career, Connelly has completed a remarkable career milestone, having worked at all four major wirehouses—Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley (including its Citigroup Global Markets predecessor), UBS, and now Wells Fargo. Brett Fleckman transitioned to their Private Client Group in New York City from Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., bringing over $1 million in annual revenue from approximately $200 million in client assets. With over 19 years in the industry, Fleckman\'s career includes positions at notable firms such as AllianceBernstein, Thomas Weisel Partners, J.P. Morgan Securities, and Barclays Capital. Mason City, Iowa–based advisor Shannon Kropp moved from LPL Financial to Wells, managing over $167 million and generating more than $936,000 in annual revenue. Other recruits include H.W. Constantin Nelson from Morgan Stanley, Trent Brining from Copper Financial, and Gary Wayne from Janney Montgomery Scott, each bringing substantial experience and managing significant client assets. The bank channel at Wells Fargo was strengthened by the addition of Mike Dellisant and Dave Levin from Baker Tilly in San Diego, and Paul Curcio from Santander Securities in Allentown, Pennsylvania, all of whom bring years of experience and managed substantial assets. Raymond James has recruited an advisor team from Merrill Lynch. The team, the Anderson McKelvey Group, includes advisors Jesse Anderson, Christopher McKelvey, and Anthony Gilotti, and is based in Winter Park, FL. At Merrill Lynch, the team managed $450 million in assets, specializing in services for families, retirees, business owners, and executives in the aerospace and defense sectors. Jesse Anderson and Christopher McKelvey both initiated their careers in the financial sector at Morgan Stanley, with Anderson starting in 2001 and McKelvey in 2010, before moving to Merrill in 2011. Anderson holds CFA, CFP and CIMA designations, while McKelvey holds a CFP designation. Anthony Gilotti joined the team in 2022, following his graduation with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He holds a CRPC designation. Ameriprise Financial has welcomed a new advisor team from Merrill Lynch, bringing with them $320 million in client assets. The team, based in Tacoma, Washington, operates as Guthrie Rouner Group and consists of advisors Jim Guthrie and Stephen Rouner. They are also supported by Registered Client Service Associate Nick Vanderlinda. Jim Guthrie, who has been in the financial industry since 1995, initially started his career with Merrill Lynch. Guthrie also holds CFP and CRPC designations. Stephen Rouner entered the financial sector in 2010 with Chase Investment Services Corp and has also worked with J.P. Morgan Securities before joining Merrill Lynch in 2014. Both Guthrie and Rouner aim to enhance client relationships and increase efficiency in their practice through the support and tools provided by Ameriprise. This move highlights the ongoing shifts within the financial advisory landscape as professionals seek platforms that offer advanced resources and client-centric services. Acquisitions & RIAs: OneDigital Investment Advisors has acquired WealthSource Partners. WealthSource, based in San Luis Obispo, California, is a registered investment advisor firm that oversees approximately $2 billion in client assets. This acquisition marks a significant expansion for OneDigital, extending its wealth management presence across nine states, including Arizona, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas, Ohio, Tennessee, and Florida, with a team of 44 advisors. The firm was founded in 2009 when Bryan Sullivan of Vellum Financial and Eric Patton and Jon Dubravac of Avant-Garde Advisors combined their firms. WealthSource is a financial services company specializing in comprehensive financial planning, investment management, and insurance solutions. Miracle Mile Advisors has added two firms, bringing in a combined total of $600 million in assets under management. Caplan Financial Group, based in Baltimore, and Advisory Partners, located in Chicago. Caplan Financial Group, which caters to high-net-worth clients, manages approximately $350 million in assets. Advisory Partners, which adopts a family office model, oversees around $250 million. Carson Group has expanded its Northeast presence by adding Fisher Financial Advisors, marking its first acquisition of 2024. This collaboration introduces Carson Wealth\'s inaugural offices in New Hampshire and Vermont, enhancing the firm\'s geographic footprint. Fisher Financial, managed by Tim Fisher and his son Nate Fisher, manages $180 million and aims to leverage Carson\'s extensive resources. As part of the agreement, Fisher Financial will undergo rebranding to Carson Wealth. Wealth Enhancement Group (WEG) has acquired Washington Wealth Advisors, a Virginia-based independent RIA with assets exceeding $273 million. The acquired firm, led by Maura Schauss and Todd Youngdahl, comprises three financial advisors and four client service staff. Founded in 2011, Washington Wealth Advisors has established itself as a reliable financial advisor offering comprehensive services including financial and retirement planning, investment management, and more. The firm is known for its client-centric approach, prioritizing the best interests and experiences of its clients, including families, executives, and small business owners. Perigon Wealth Management has acquired Prudeo Partners, a registered investment advisor firm. Prudeo Partners was formerly known as Asset Management & Financial Planning. The firm, based in West Columbia, South Carolina and also operating from Reading, PA, oversees assets totaling $425 million. The team is made up of partners Michael Krumholz and Andrew Todd, along with a group of financial advisors. Michael Krumholz has been involved in financial services for over 25 years, registering with notable firms such as LPL Financial and Cambridge to name a few. Todd sparked his career in 2000 at Horizon Investments and subsequently established his own firm, Todd Financial Solution, in 2001. As Prudeo continues to grow, the team will eventually transition to the Perigon name. Pathstone has acquired Crestone Capital, a Boulder, Colorado-based registered investment advisor firm managing over $3 billion in client assets. Crestone, established in 1991 by Eric Kramer, focuses on providing advisory services to ultra-high-net-worth entrepreneurs and executives. With more than 50 employees and offices in Colorado, Texas, and California, Crestone serves about 150 families. As part of the acquisition, Eric Kramer will become a member of Pathstone\'s chief executive officer council and chief investment office. Eric Kramer, beyond his work at Crestone, has significantly impacted academia through his roles at the University of Colorado Foundation, serving on the board for over a decade and as Chairman of its Investment Committee for eight years. His extensive 40-year career in the industry was honored in 2019 with the University of Colorado Leeds School of Business Distinguished Alumni Lifetime Service Award. Allworth Financial has acquired Brennan Asset Management, a registered investment advisor based in Redding, California. Robert Brennan, the founder and CEO of Brennan Asset Management, expressed his desire to focus more on client service by reducing his operational duties through this partnership. The acquisition adds $300 million in assets to Allworth Financial\'s portfolio. Allworth Financial, recognized as one of America\'s rapidly expanding registered investment advisors (RIAs), has secured its third partnership in 2024 with this acquisition. This acquisition marks Allworth\'s 34th overall and expands its presence in California with its 16th office. Despite the significance of the deal, the financial terms were not made public. The Retirement Planning Group (TRPG) has acquired 100% of the assets of Dightman Capital Group, Inc., an RIA based in Overland Park, Kansas. Brian Dightman, President of Dightman Capital Group, will become a Senior Wealth Advisor at TRPG. He started his wealth management career in 2002 at RBC Wealth Management and spent the following 6 years learning the industry, which ultimately led to him forming the Registered Investment Advisory firm in 2008. Prior to becoming a Wealth Manager, Brian spent a dozen years in the technology industry at a variety of small and large hardware and software companies (Microtek, MetaCreations, aQuantive, Microsoft). This acquisition aligns with TRPG\'s ongoing mergers & acquisitions and is supported by Cetera Holdings, enhancing TRPG\'s position as a premier financial advisor Wealth Hub. Kevin Conard, CEO of TRPG, highlighted the acquisition as a step towards providing independent advisors with more client-focused time by reducing operational business burdens. To see more financial advisor moves, RIA moves, or acquisitions, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace below and follow the investment industry movements everyday!', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_091_5-key-strategies-to-successfully-raising-money-fro

{'title': '5 Key Strategies to Successfully Raising Money from RIAs', 'introduction': "In the world of raising capital from RIAs, success doesn't happen overnight. It’s about playing the long game. Building relationships, refining your approach, and delivering value consistently. As someone who has spent over 30 years in this industry, I’ve seen what works and what doesn’t. Consistency, above all else, is what separates those who make it from those who don’t. At Dakota, we know this firsthand. Since 2006, we've been calling on RIAs and have raised over $35 billion by following a disciplined, consistent strategy. In this article, we’ll dive into five essential strategies for successfully raising capital from RIAs. By the end, you’ll have a clear understanding of how to consistently build strong, long-term relationships with RIAs to achieve fundraising success. 1. Schwab and Fidelity won’t help you distribute Schwab and Fidelity alone won’t get you in front of RIAs. While many RIAs use these custodial platforms to manage their client accounts, simply having your product listed there doesn’t mean they’ll choose it. These platforms are massive, with countless products vying for attention, and your offering can easily get lost in the crowd without direct outreach and relationship-building. Access through these custodians is important, but it’s only part of the equation. To truly stand out, you need to actively engage RIAs and build relationships beyond just being available on their preferred platform. 2. RIA Due Diligence Analysts are as sophisticated as any institutional investor Yes, RIA analysts are just as sophisticated as those in other channels. A common misconception is to view the RIA industry as “retail,” which we believe is a big mistake. In general, due diligence analysts at RIAs are often just as knowledgeable, if not more so, particularly when it comes to evaluating and selecting managers. Most analysts are CFAs with years of experience. Given their ability to invest in almost anything, they are exposed to a handful of investment opportunities, which only deepens their expertise. Additionally, there’s a lot of significant overlap in talent across different areas of finance. In any given city, analysts frequently move between RIAs, consultants, foundations, endowments, and family offices. Meaning the RIA analyst you're meeting with may have just come from a consultant or endowment, bringing a wealth of sophisticated experience with them. You need to actively market to RIAs, build relationships, and offer compelling value propositions directly to them. This requires personal outreach, networking at conferences, direct communication, and perhaps leveraging your own distribution team. 3. RIA ETF exposures are a good start, but not close to the solution While ETFs are a core component in many RIA portfolios, relying on them exclusively falls short of addressing the full spectrum of investment needs. You still need to be out in the fields making calls. RIAs often turn to ETFs for their liquidity, low fees, and broad market exposure, making them a practical building block for many client portfolios. They’re an efficient way to gain passive exposure to markets and specific sectors, which is why they’re frequently used as part of a foundational strategy. However, ETFs alone don’t fully meet the diverse goals that RIAs and their clients are aiming to achieve. RIAs often need more tailored solutions - whether it’s through alternative investments, active management, or custom products - that go beyond what ETFs can offer. 4. Cold email outreach should be your primary sales tactic Cold email outreach should be a cornerstone of your sales strategy when targeting RIAs. Despite their packed schedules, RIAs are constantly on the lookout for new and innovative strategies that can help them retain clients and attract new ones. RIA due diligence analysts, in particular, are often stretched thin, especially compared to their counterparts at banks, broker-dealers, or pension funds. With only about 20% of their time dedicated to researching new investment strategies, their bandwidth for discovery is limited. This is where investment sales professionals come in. RIAs rely on sales outreach to bring fresh ideas to their attention. In fact, many RIAs will tell you that they first learned about a strategy because a salesperson reached out via a cold email or call. So, while they may not have time for endless meetings, RIAs do want to hear from you. They view sales professionals as an extension of their research team, providing access to strategies they might not otherwise have the time to uncover on their own. 5. Guts, resolve, persistence is what it takes to have success with RIAs Successfully engaging RIAs in today's competitive landscape takes more than just a strong product. It requires guts, resolve, and persistence to build relationships in a field where advisors are selective and often inundated with offers. These three traits combined form a resilient mindset capable of overcoming even the toughest hurdles. Guts Reaching out to RIAs can be daunting, but having the courage to make that call or send that email is crucial. Confidence in the value you offer and a willingness to face rejection sets you apart. Resolve RIAs often have established relationships and may resist new offerings. Staying focused, adapting your approach, and showing a deep understanding of their business is key to breaking through. Persistence Success with RIAs takes time. Building trust requires consistent follow-up and delivering value at every touchpoint, ensuring you stay on their radar as a reliable partner. By combining the guts to make the first move, the resolve to stay focused, and the persistence to keep the relationship growing, you increase your chances of standing out and building long-term relationships with RIAs. Dakota Marketplace for RIAs Dakota Marketplace is an institutional and intermediary investor database designed by fundraisers, for fundraisers. Launched in 2019 and serving over 1,000 firms, the platform is updated in real-time, offering complete cross-channel coverage. With the implementation of the first ever filterable Form ADV Database, Dakota Marketplace offers fast access to Form ADV data, eliminating the need to wade through cumbersome government websites. The platform provides essential insights, including: Detailed advisory business descriptions AUM breakdown by client type Custodian relationships and corresponding business volumes Ownership information Private fund reporting, and more From our extensive database of over 14,500 RIAs, we’ve curated a list of 450 RIAs actively creating feeder funds. Targeting these RIAs is even more effective when factoring in custodian relationships – 350 of these RIAs are with Schwab and Fidelity, custodians known for their independence and flexibility in investment decisions. Unlike RIAs tied to broker-dealers like LPL or Wells Fargo, Schwab and Fidelity RIAs face fewer restrictions when allocating to alternatives, making them prime candidates for outreach. Beyond sales efficiency, feeder funds streamline operations for alternative managers by reducing administrative burdens. Instead of managing multiple small accounts, you deal with a single LP, the feeder fund, leading to a more efficient and smoother investment process. The value of Dakota Marketplace is clear: it not only gives you access to over 14,000 RIAs, but also enables you to focus on the most strategic opportunities – those actively using feeder funds and supported by accurate, real-time Form ADV data – making your sales efforts more efficient and targeted. To learn more about Dakota Marketplace for RIAs, start your free trial today!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '5 Key Strategies to Successfully Raising Money from RIAs', 'content': "In the world of raising capital from RIAs, success doesn't happen overnight. It’s about playing the long game. Building relationships, refining your approach, and delivering value consistently. As someone who has spent over 30 years in this industry, I’ve seen what works and what doesn’t. Consistency, above all else, is what separates those who make it from those who don’t. At Dakota, we know this firsthand. Since 2006, we've been calling on RIAs and have raised over $35 billion by following a disciplined, consistent strategy. In this article, we’ll dive into five essential strategies for successfully raising capital from RIAs. By the end, you’ll have a clear understanding of how to consistently build strong, long-term relationships with RIAs to achieve fundraising success. 1. Schwab and Fidelity won’t help you distribute Schwab and Fidelity alone won’t get you in front of RIAs. While many RIAs use these custodial platforms to manage their client accounts, simply having your product listed there doesn’t mean they’ll choose it. These platforms are massive, with countless products vying for attention, and your offering can easily get lost in the crowd without direct outreach and relationship-building. Access through these custodians is important, but it’s only part of the equation. To truly stand out, you need to actively engage RIAs and build relationships beyond just being available on their preferred platform. 2. RIA Due Diligence Analysts are as sophisticated as any institutional investor Yes, RIA analysts are just as sophisticated as those in other channels. A common misconception is to view the RIA industry as “retail,” which we believe is a big mistake. In general, due diligence analysts at RIAs are often just as knowledgeable, if not more so, particularly when it comes to evaluating and selecting managers. Most analysts are CFAs with years of experience. Given their ability to invest in almost anything, they are exposed to a handful of investment opportunities, which only deepens their expertise. Additionally, there’s a lot of significant overlap in talent across different areas of finance. In any given city, analysts frequently move between RIAs, consultants, foundations, endowments, and family offices. Meaning the RIA analyst you're meeting with may have just come from a consultant or endowment, bringing a wealth of sophisticated experience with them. You need to actively market to RIAs, build relationships, and offer compelling value propositions directly to them. This requires personal outreach, networking at conferences, direct communication, and perhaps leveraging your own distribution team. 3. RIA ETF exposures are a good start, but not close to the solution While ETFs are a core component in many RIA portfolios, relying on them exclusively falls short of addressing the full spectrum of investment needs. You still need to be out in the fields making calls. RIAs often turn to ETFs for their liquidity, low fees, and broad market exposure, making them a practical building block for many client portfolios. They’re an efficient way to gain passive exposure to markets and specific sectors, which is why they’re frequently used as part of a foundational strategy. However, ETFs alone don’t fully meet the diverse goals that RIAs and their clients are aiming to achieve. RIAs often need more tailored solutions - whether it’s through alternative investments, active management, or custom products - that go beyond what ETFs can offer. 4. Cold email outreach should be your primary sales tactic Cold email outreach should be a cornerstone of your sales strategy when targeting RIAs. Despite their packed schedules, RIAs are constantly on the lookout for new and innovative strategies that can help them retain clients and attract new ones. RIA due diligence analysts, in particular, are often stretched thin, especially compared to their counterparts at banks, broker-dealers, or pension funds. With only about 20% of their time dedicated to researching new investment strategies, their bandwidth for discovery is limited. This is where investment sales professionals come in. RIAs rely on sales outreach to bring fresh ideas to their attention. In fact, many RIAs will tell you that they first learned about a strategy because a salesperson reached out via a cold email or call. So, while they may not have time for endless meetings, RIAs do want to hear from you. They view sales professionals as an extension of their research team, providing access to strategies they might not otherwise have the time to uncover on their own. 5. Guts, resolve, persistence is what it takes to have success with RIAs Successfully engaging RIAs in today's competitive landscape takes more than just a strong product. It requires guts, resolve, and persistence to build relationships in a field where advisors are selective and often inundated with offers. These three traits combined form a resilient mindset capable of overcoming even the toughest hurdles. Guts Reaching out to RIAs can be daunting, but having the courage to make that call or send that email is crucial. Confidence in the value you offer and a willingness to face rejection sets you apart. Resolve RIAs often have established relationships and may resist new offerings. Staying focused, adapting your approach, and showing a deep understanding of their business is key to breaking through. Persistence Success with RIAs takes time. Building trust requires consistent follow-up and delivering value at every touchpoint, ensuring you stay on their radar as a reliable partner. By combining the guts to make the first move, the resolve to stay focused, and the persistence to keep the relationship growing, you increase your chances of standing out and building long-term relationships with RIAs. Dakota Marketplace for RIAs Dakota Marketplace is an institutional and intermediary investor database designed by fundraisers, for fundraisers. Launched in 2019 and serving over 1,000 firms, the platform is updated in real-time, offering complete cross-channel coverage. With the implementation of the first ever filterable Form ADV Database, Dakota Marketplace offers fast access to Form ADV data, eliminating the need to wade through cumbersome government websites. The platform provides essential insights, including: Detailed advisory business descriptions AUM breakdown by client type Custodian relationships and corresponding business volumes Ownership information Private fund reporting, and more From our extensive database of over 14,500 RIAs, we’ve curated a list of 450 RIAs actively creating feeder funds. Targeting these RIAs is even more effective when factoring in custodian relationships – 350 of these RIAs are with Schwab and Fidelity, custodians known for their independence and flexibility in investment decisions. Unlike RIAs tied to broker-dealers like LPL or Wells Fargo, Schwab and Fidelity RIAs face fewer restrictions when allocating to alternatives, making them prime candidates for outreach. Beyond sales efficiency, feeder funds streamline operations for alternative managers by reducing administrative burdens. Instead of managing multiple small accounts, you deal with a single LP, the feeder fund, leading to a more efficient and smoother investment process. The value of Dakota Marketplace is clear: it not only gives you access to over 14,000 RIAs, but also enables you to focus on the most strategic opportunities – those actively using feeder funds and supported by accurate, real-time Form ADV data – making your sales efforts more efficient and targeted. To learn more about Dakota Marketplace for RIAs, start your free trial today!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_382_5-steps-for-beginning-emerging-managers

{'title': '5 Steps for Beginning Emerging Managers', 'introduction': 'In any field, starting something new can be daunting. If you’re reading this, you no doubt know the level of uncertainty that comes with the process of creating an investment strategy. Networking, making connections, and learning the ropes early on in any career can be daunting, but in a space as large and complex as institutional investments, it can be even more overwhelming. At Dakota, we’ve been in the field for nearly fifteen years, and have worked across platforms to raise over $35 billion in that time. We know a few things about getting investment strategies off the ground. We realize that setting realistic goals and making connections with the right people early on is critical, and can help guide emerging managers and show you the ropes as you’re getting started. In this article, we’ll outline five things that all emerging managers should know as they start establishing themselves and their strategies to go to market. We’ll cover everything from the definition of a true “emerging manager” to the must-have marketing materials so that you have an idea of the whole picture as you get started. You’ll come away from this article with a step-by-step plan of attack, so that you’ll be as successful as possible, as quickly as possible. First things first: what is an emerging manager? An “emerging manager” means different things to different people, but simply put, it’s a portfolio manager who is early on in their growth cycle. Emerging managers typically have a smaller asset base and a shorter track record, and are trying to grow their business. The definition of an emerging manager also differs when you talk to different types of allocators. So while the term “emerging manager” is used across the industry, it can mean anything from asset management range (less than $2 billion in assets), to tenure (anything less than five years in the field is considered an emerging manager). Additionally, firms that are minority or women-owned are considered emerging managers. So, while there is no concrete definition of an emerging manager, it varies among different allocators, it’s largely determined by three factors: assets, track record, and ownership. Next, we’ll go into the steps necessary for an emerging manager to establish themselves in the field. How to get started as an emerging manager Step 1: Set your long term vision This starts with identifying and deciding on a core competency. In other words: what is your edge? What is it about your strategy that sets you apart? It’s important to decide this early on and stick to it. Performance will fluctuate over time, but your philosophy, and how you manage risk should not. Being thoughtful about this early on is crucial. Our advice? Don’t try to be all things to all people. We’ve seen a lot of smaller managers try to make themselves fit within every specific strategy, and while this can be appealing at the moment, it can ultimately end up being a distraction from your overall strategic goals. Ensure that you have a plan for what your core strategy is and focus on growing that rather than building a platform business from the onset. As you set this vision, it’s also important to build credibility through audits and compliance. When you’re just starting out, it’s critical to make sure that your performance track record is GIPS-compliant. This allows you as the investment manager to provide allocators with the confidence that your performance has been audited and is accurate. This is something that most money managers are required to do, and the sooner you can get this started, the better and more established you will appear. Step 2: Manage expectations for the future As a small firm or fund with a short track record, you won’t be able to go to certain channels like banks or broker-dealers. It’s important to realize this and to be realistic about where your strategy is a fit, or who can be utilizing your strategy. Prepare for a three-year sales cycle, and expect limited growth for the first three years after launch. It typically takes up to or over three years to create a portfolio and a return pattern, so knowing that going in is important. Since it will take up to three years to start meeting with investors, be sure to take fees into account. Large public pension plans and investment consultants have emerging manager programs, which means they will allocate to a newer or smaller strategy at a lower fee base than they would a more established strategy. For example, a traditional U.S. equity strategy fees can range from ten basis points to thirty basis points Step 3: Identify the most appropriate product structure for your strategy Make sure your product structure is aligned with the underlying strategy: does the liquidity make sense? Separate account vs. LP vs. mutual fund. Make sure the product structure fits the underlying strategy and that the product strategy drives your distribution strategy. This means that you’re calling on the people that actually access your strategy through the right vehicles. At the end of the day, it’s crucial that you have a plan. Create a separate account and market that, and then create a mutual fund and pre-market that. Don’t launch a specific product vehicle without client demand. This means going to existing relationships to help seed product structures like mutual funds. This will save you not just time but money. Most mutual funds need at least $25 million in assets to break even. If you don’t reach that level, it can become an extremely costly venture. In the past, we’ve seen firms and managers go to custodians (Schwab, Fidelity), and consider that a source of assets. However, before you go to those custodians, we recommend gathering demand and having an underlying investor put you through the process of getting on those platforms. Step 4: Start marketing early on Because of the three year threshold for emerging managers, many managers feel that they can’t start marketing themselves and their strategy until they hit that three-year mark, but this is a common misconception. You’re doing yourself a disservice by waiting until you’re ready to start setting up meetings to start marketing. This will also delay the time it takes to start raising money for your strategy. Instead, lay the groundwork early on, so that you have a pipeline ready to go when you do meet that threshold. When you start marketing early on, you are also able to set and manage expectations. This way, allocators will already be familiar with you and your strategy, allowing you to move much more quickly than if you had waited to start marketing. You might be wondering how to effectively market a new strategy, and we’ve seen success in a few ways. A concise presentation: Introduce yourself and your strategy in a deck that’s thorough and easy to read through. This allows allocators to get a high-level understanding before any meetings take place, which saves everyone time. A two-page FAQ document: This is key, and helps get the baseline questions out of the way. Like the presentation, this allows allocators to understand you and your strategy early on, which is especially helpful for managers who are new. Personalized videos: Creating videos for allocators and analysts before you go into an in-person or Zoom meeting with them can help build a rapport early on. Step 5: Start building relationships with the right people as soon as possible At Dakota, “know who to call on” is a phrase we live by. For emerging managers, knowing who to call on can mean everything from identifying the funds that have emerging manager programs to finding allocators who invest in your strategy through the right vehicles. Building relationships with the right people early on helps lay the groundwork for future investment opportunities. Having access to an institutional investor database can help you identify those people as you’re starting out so that by the time you’re ready to start setting and holding meetings, you’ll know exactly who your target audience is, and whether or not they invest in emerging managers.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': '5 Steps for Beginning Emerging Managers', 'content': 'In any field, starting something new can be daunting. If you’re reading this, you no doubt know the level of uncertainty that comes with the process of creating an investment strategy. Networking, making connections, and learning the ropes early on in any career can be daunting, but in a space as large and complex as institutional investments, it can be even more overwhelming. At Dakota, we’ve been in the field for nearly fifteen years, and have worked across platforms to raise over $35 billion in that time. We know a few things about getting investment strategies off the ground. We realize that setting realistic goals and making connections with the right people early on is critical, and can help guide emerging managers and show you the ropes as you’re getting started. In this article, we’ll outline five things that all emerging managers should know as they start establishing themselves and their strategies to go to market. We’ll cover everything from the definition of a true “emerging manager” to the must-have marketing materials so that you have an idea of the whole picture as you get started. You’ll come away from this article with a step-by-step plan of attack, so that you’ll be as successful as possible, as quickly as possible. First things first: what is an emerging manager? An “emerging manager” means different things to different people, but simply put, it’s a portfolio manager who is early on in their growth cycle. Emerging managers typically have a smaller asset base and a shorter track record, and are trying to grow their business. The definition of an emerging manager also differs when you talk to different types of allocators. So while the term “emerging manager” is used across the industry, it can mean anything from asset management range (less than $2 billion in assets), to tenure (anything less than five years in the field is considered an emerging manager). Additionally, firms that are minority or women-owned are considered emerging managers. So, while there is no concrete definition of an emerging manager, it varies among different allocators, it’s largely determined by three factors: assets, track record, and ownership. Next, we’ll go into the steps necessary for an emerging manager to establish themselves in the field. How to get started as an emerging manager Step 1: Set your long term vision This starts with identifying and deciding on a core competency. In other words: what is your edge? What is it about your strategy that sets you apart? It’s important to decide this early on and stick to it. Performance will fluctuate over time, but your philosophy, and how you manage risk should not. Being thoughtful about this early on is crucial. Our advice? Don’t try to be all things to all people. We’ve seen a lot of smaller managers try to make themselves fit within every specific strategy, and while this can be appealing at the moment, it can ultimately end up being a distraction from your overall strategic goals. Ensure that you have a plan for what your core strategy is and focus on growing that rather than building a platform business from the onset. As you set this vision, it’s also important to build credibility through audits and compliance. When you’re just starting out, it’s critical to make sure that your performance track record is GIPS-compliant. This allows you as the investment manager to provide allocators with the confidence that your performance has been audited and is accurate. This is something that most money managers are required to do, and the sooner you can get this started, the better and more established you will appear. Step 2: Manage expectations for the future As a small firm or fund with a short track record, you won’t be able to go to certain channels like banks or broker-dealers. It’s important to realize this and to be realistic about where your strategy is a fit, or who can be utilizing your strategy. Prepare for a three-year sales cycle, and expect limited growth for the first three years after launch. It typically takes up to or over three years to create a portfolio and a return pattern, so knowing that going in is important. Since it will take up to three years to start meeting with investors, be sure to take fees into account. Large public pension plans and investment consultants have emerging manager programs, which means they will allocate to a newer or smaller strategy at a lower fee base than they would a more established strategy. For example, a traditional U.S. equity strategy fees can range from ten basis points to thirty basis points Step 3: Identify the most appropriate product structure for your strategy Make sure your product structure is aligned with the underlying strategy: does the liquidity make sense? Separate account vs. LP vs. mutual fund. Make sure the product structure fits the underlying strategy and that the product strategy drives your distribution strategy. This means that you’re calling on the people that actually access your strategy through the right vehicles. At the end of the day, it’s crucial that you have a plan. Create a separate account and market that, and then create a mutual fund and pre-market that. Don’t launch a specific product vehicle without client demand. This means going to existing relationships to help seed product structures like mutual funds. This will save you not just time but money. Most mutual funds need at least $25 million in assets to break even. If you don’t reach that level, it can become an extremely costly venture. In the past, we’ve seen firms and managers go to custodians (Schwab, Fidelity), and consider that a source of assets. However, before you go to those custodians, we recommend gathering demand and having an underlying investor put you through the process of getting on those platforms. Step 4: Start marketing early on Because of the three year threshold for emerging managers, many managers feel that they can’t start marketing themselves and their strategy until they hit that three-year mark, but this is a common misconception. You’re doing yourself a disservice by waiting until you’re ready to start setting up meetings to start marketing. This will also delay the time it takes to start raising money for your strategy. Instead, lay the groundwork early on, so that you have a pipeline ready to go when you do meet that threshold. When you start marketing early on, you are also able to set and manage expectations. This way, allocators will already be familiar with you and your strategy, allowing you to move much more quickly than if you had waited to start marketing. You might be wondering how to effectively market a new strategy, and we’ve seen success in a few ways. A concise presentation: Introduce yourself and your strategy in a deck that’s thorough and easy to read through. This allows allocators to get a high-level understanding before any meetings take place, which saves everyone time. A two-page FAQ document: This is key, and helps get the baseline questions out of the way. Like the presentation, this allows allocators to understand you and your strategy early on, which is especially helpful for managers who are new. Personalized videos: Creating videos for allocators and analysts before you go into an in-person or Zoom meeting with them can help build a rapport early on. Step 5: Start building relationships with the right people as soon as possible At Dakota, “know who to call on” is a phrase we live by. For emerging managers, knowing who to call on can mean everything from identifying the funds that have emerging manager programs to finding allocators who invest in your strategy through the right vehicles. Building relationships with the right people early on helps lay the groundwork for future investment opportunities. Having access to an institutional investor database can help you identify those people as you’re starting out so that by the time you’re ready to start setting and holding meetings, you’ll know exactly who your target audience is, and whether or not they invest in emerging managers.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_317_is-an-institutional-investor-database-worth-the-in

{'title': 'Is an Institutional Investor Database Worth the Investment in 2023?', 'introduction': "A great institutional investor database can be hard to find. However in most cases, the price and overall value of that database is even harder to find. If you don’t know what you’re going to be paying, even the most robust website in the world will be largely unhelpful. And, at the end of the day, you and your firm likely just want to know one thing: will this be worth my investment? Most websites are not inclined to offer pricing for their products because it can be seen as giving competitors too much information, or because they worry if they did that, their prospects will have no reason to contact them for a demo or more information. But really all this actually accomplishes is frustrating the buyer, especially if they’re only in the early stages of their decision making process. At Dakota, we’ve been in the sales business since 2006, and we know that being transparent about information is critical. After all, how many of us have purchased a “database” only to be given an outdated Excel spreadsheet? We’re willing to bet the number is pretty high. With the price of a database ranging from $5,000 to over $20,000, we know just how important it is to know what you’re getting into before you spend the money. Which is why, since the launch of our own institutional investor database, Dakota Marketplace, in 2018, we’ve been committed to being up-front about pricing. Our customers have told us time and again that there’s value in our product and how much it can help their firm accomplish, and whether you’re just comparing prices or setting up demos, the information is there when you need it. To take this transparency to the next level, in this article we’re going to dive into the cost of Dakota Marketplace in relation to the market average of a database, as well as the overall value you receive from the database. We’ll cover: What’s included in a Marketplace membership The cost of Dakota Marketplace Additional feature pricing for Marketplace for Salesforce How to make Marketplace work in your budget How to decide if Marketplace is the right fit for you What’s included in a Dakota Marketplace membership? Dakota Marketplace is an institutional investor database designed for investment salespeople. While it is, at its heart, a database, there is a plethora of additional content that Dakota members have found valuable, even if they are not actively fundraising. Dakota Marketplace includes: Accurate and up-to-date accounts and contacts Dakota Live! Call content Dakota Searches Public Pension information 13F filing information Metro area overviews for city scheduling Job and role change data Manager presentations Fee studies Accurate and up-to-date accounts and contacts Dakota Marketplace offers a robust dataset designed for investment salespeople. Curated by our own investment sales team, Dakota Marketplace is organized and maintained by a dedicated data team who uses numerous resources to ensure that the data is as fresh and up-to-date as possible. Dakota Live! Call Content Dakota Live! is a weekly call in which Dakota’s investment sales team interviews a key allocator, highlights a major metro area, and discusses the news and trends they’ve seen within the field that week. The calls are a great resource to connect with allocators and get their perspective on the market, and their plans for the future. With a General Call and an Alternatives Call, there is a show for everyone, with replays and pre- and post-call notes shared after every call. Members can also view past calls as needed within the Dakota Marketplace content library. Dakota Searches If you’re constantly finding yourself falling behind on new institutional investment mandates, Dakota Searches is for you. Our team researches new mandates daily, and sends them out to our subscribers as soon as we find them, so that you’re always up-to-date on searches right when they happen. Public Plan Minutes and consultant information Receive daily reports of public pension investment committee meeting notes including recent hires, RFPs, portfolio allocation changes, and more. These reports are stored within Marketplace, and can be accessed at your convenience in addition to being emailed daily. Additionally, Marketplace features information on field consultants including name, account, and email. Currently, there are over 1,000 field consultants tagged to 172 consulting firms. 13F Filing information Our 13F information is run through SEC-API, meaning that the data comes directly through an API to from the SEC to Dakota. The Dakota data team ensures the accuracy of the files received, and provides them to our clients. If you’re calling on RIAs, you already know how important it is to know where they’re investing, and this feature is designed to give you the leverage you need over competitors, while saving you valuable time researching. Metro area overview for city scheduling One of the most important things you can do as a salesperson is ensure that you’re making the most of your time in a given city. At Dakota, this means knowing who to call on, and it’s part of everything we do when we’re traveling. To do this efficiently, we plan out our days in increments, scheduling out weeks in advance with all of the firms we want to meet with in a given city. The metro area section of Dakota Marketplace helps give you a clear idea who you should be calling on depending on where you are, and even helps you map out your path once you get there so that no time is wasted along the way. Job and role change data This industry has a 25% turn over rate, and no one wants to waste time emailing contacts that are no longer with a particular firm. Dakota Marketplace’s job and role change data keeps you updated on turnover across the industry. Our data team updates contact and role information on a weekly basis, so that you can combat any turnover and continue to do outreach efficiently, without stopping to double check who you’re calling on. Manager presentations It’s imperative to stay on top of what other firms are doing and saying in the market, but it can be an extremely time-consuming undertaking to stay updated, especially when it involves researching and asking for presentations given to other managers. With Marketplace, you can access over 150 presentations given to public pension funds by other managers for insights into what other managers are saying and investing in. Fee studies With fee studies housed within Dakota Marketplace, you’ll have the ability to see what fees each public pension is paying their managers with fee structures tagged to public pension funds. New call-to-action How much does Dakota Marketplace cost? A Dakota Marketplace membership is $15,500 per user for one year. Each additional user is $1,000 per year. Take Marketplace to the next level with Marketplace for Salesforce If you’re constantly finding that your data is incomplete or outdated, or your sales team isn’t using your CRM effectively because the data inside of it isn’t being updated, you’re not alone. In fact, salespeople would rather go to the dentist or clean out their garage than use their CRM. Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce takes the administration out of data by connecting Marketplace data to your Salesforce instance. That means, as data is added and updated in Marketplace, it will be reflected in your Salesforce instance, so your sales team can spend less time verifying and updating account and contact data, and spend more time booking and doing meetings. With Marketplace for Salesforce you will: Receive new accounts and contacts added to your Salesforce instance on a weekly basis Only need to log into one data platform instead of multiple Be notified when a contact changes jobs or roles Receive account and contact updates in real time How much does Marketplace for Salesforce cost? One license for Marketplace for Salesforce is $7,500 per year. How to fit Dakota Marketplace into your budget We know that institutional investor databases aren’t cheap, and require a great deal of consideration and budgeting. While we think the values outlined above make the $15,500 price tag worthwhile, we know that many firms have difficulty fitting another database into their budget, or simply don’t have the budget for a new software platform. However, we know that most firms do have the budget for conferences and travel, and have passed Marketplace through in place of a conference. This might not make sense on first read, but one of the added benefits of becoming a Marketplace member is exclusive access to our yearly Dakota Conference, in which investment professionals from around the country come together for a day-long event, including speakers, Dakota Live! Panels, and networking. Additionally, every Dakota Live! Call has the insights equivalent to that of a conference, and many of our members have said they feel like they’re attending an event without ever leaving their office. Is Marketplace right for your firm? While the needs of every firm vary, there are some factors that can help indicate that Marketplace is a good fit for yours. In this section, we’ll outline what those are, and how you can get started with learning more about the platform. If you… Call on institutional and RIA accounts and contacts Want accurate and up-to-date data Use Salesforce Want to increase your team’s efficiency with city scheduling, accurate data, and less time spent researching Need a way to stay up-to-date on new searches, public pension information, industry trends and news. If you're ready to learn more about Dakota Marketplace and if it's the right fit for you and your firm, we'd love to offer a free trial.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Is an Institutional Investor Database Worth the Investment in 2023?', 'content': "A great institutional investor database can be hard to find. However in most cases, the price and overall value of that database is even harder to find. If you don’t know what you’re going to be paying, even the most robust website in the world will be largely unhelpful. And, at the end of the day, you and your firm likely just want to know one thing: will this be worth my investment? Most websites are not inclined to offer pricing for their products because it can be seen as giving competitors too much information, or because they worry if they did that, their prospects will have no reason to contact them for a demo or more information. But really all this actually accomplishes is frustrating the buyer, especially if they’re only in the early stages of their decision making process. At Dakota, we’ve been in the sales business since 2006, and we know that being transparent about information is critical. After all, how many of us have purchased a “database” only to be given an outdated Excel spreadsheet? We’re willing to bet the number is pretty high. With the price of a database ranging from $5,000 to over $20,000, we know just how important it is to know what you’re getting into before you spend the money. Which is why, since the launch of our own institutional investor database, Dakota Marketplace, in 2018, we’ve been committed to being up-front about pricing. Our customers have told us time and again that there’s value in our product and how much it can help their firm accomplish, and whether you’re just comparing prices or setting up demos, the information is there when you need it. To take this transparency to the next level, in this article we’re going to dive into the cost of Dakota Marketplace in relation to the market average of a database, as well as the overall value you receive from the database. We’ll cover: What’s included in a Marketplace membership The cost of Dakota Marketplace Additional feature pricing for Marketplace for Salesforce How to make Marketplace work in your budget How to decide if Marketplace is the right fit for you What’s included in a Dakota Marketplace membership? Dakota Marketplace is an institutional investor database designed for investment salespeople. While it is, at its heart, a database, there is a plethora of additional content that Dakota members have found valuable, even if they are not actively fundraising. Dakota Marketplace includes: Accurate and up-to-date accounts and contacts Dakota Live! Call content Dakota Searches Public Pension information 13F filing information Metro area overviews for city scheduling Job and role change data Manager presentations Fee studies Accurate and up-to-date accounts and contacts Dakota Marketplace offers a robust dataset designed for investment salespeople. Curated by our own investment sales team, Dakota Marketplace is organized and maintained by a dedicated data team who uses numerous resources to ensure that the data is as fresh and up-to-date as possible. Dakota Live! Call Content Dakota Live! is a weekly call in which Dakota’s investment sales team interviews a key allocator, highlights a major metro area, and discusses the news and trends they’ve seen within the field that week. The calls are a great resource to connect with allocators and get their perspective on the market, and their plans for the future. With a General Call and an Alternatives Call, there is a show for everyone, with replays and pre- and post-call notes shared after every call. Members can also view past calls as needed within the Dakota Marketplace content library. Dakota Searches If you’re constantly finding yourself falling behind on new institutional investment mandates, Dakota Searches is for you. Our team researches new mandates daily, and sends them out to our subscribers as soon as we find them, so that you’re always up-to-date on searches right when they happen. Public Plan Minutes and consultant information Receive daily reports of public pension investment committee meeting notes including recent hires, RFPs, portfolio allocation changes, and more. These reports are stored within Marketplace, and can be accessed at your convenience in addition to being emailed daily. Additionally, Marketplace features information on field consultants including name, account, and email. Currently, there are over 1,000 field consultants tagged to 172 consulting firms. 13F Filing information Our 13F information is run through SEC-API, meaning that the data comes directly through an API to from the SEC to Dakota. The Dakota data team ensures the accuracy of the files received, and provides them to our clients. If you’re calling on RIAs, you already know how important it is to know where they’re investing, and this feature is designed to give you the leverage you need over competitors, while saving you valuable time researching. Metro area overview for city scheduling One of the most important things you can do as a salesperson is ensure that you’re making the most of your time in a given city. At Dakota, this means knowing who to call on, and it’s part of everything we do when we’re traveling. To do this efficiently, we plan out our days in increments, scheduling out weeks in advance with all of the firms we want to meet with in a given city. The metro area section of Dakota Marketplace helps give you a clear idea who you should be calling on depending on where you are, and even helps you map out your path once you get there so that no time is wasted along the way. Job and role change data This industry has a 25% turn over rate, and no one wants to waste time emailing contacts that are no longer with a particular firm. Dakota Marketplace’s job and role change data keeps you updated on turnover across the industry. Our data team updates contact and role information on a weekly basis, so that you can combat any turnover and continue to do outreach efficiently, without stopping to double check who you’re calling on. Manager presentations It’s imperative to stay on top of what other firms are doing and saying in the market, but it can be an extremely time-consuming undertaking to stay updated, especially when it involves researching and asking for presentations given to other managers. With Marketplace, you can access over 150 presentations given to public pension funds by other managers for insights into what other managers are saying and investing in. Fee studies With fee studies housed within Dakota Marketplace, you’ll have the ability to see what fees each public pension is paying their managers with fee structures tagged to public pension funds. New call-to-action How much does Dakota Marketplace cost? A Dakota Marketplace membership is $15,500 per user for one year. Each additional user is $1,000 per year. Take Marketplace to the next level with Marketplace for Salesforce If you’re constantly finding that your data is incomplete or outdated, or your sales team isn’t using your CRM effectively because the data inside of it isn’t being updated, you’re not alone. In fact, salespeople would rather go to the dentist or clean out their garage than use their CRM. Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce takes the administration out of data by connecting Marketplace data to your Salesforce instance. That means, as data is added and updated in Marketplace, it will be reflected in your Salesforce instance, so your sales team can spend less time verifying and updating account and contact data, and spend more time booking and doing meetings. With Marketplace for Salesforce you will: Receive new accounts and contacts added to your Salesforce instance on a weekly basis Only need to log into one data platform instead of multiple Be notified when a contact changes jobs or roles Receive account and contact updates in real time How much does Marketplace for Salesforce cost? One license for Marketplace for Salesforce is $7,500 per year. How to fit Dakota Marketplace into your budget We know that institutional investor databases aren’t cheap, and require a great deal of consideration and budgeting. While we think the values outlined above make the $15,500 price tag worthwhile, we know that many firms have difficulty fitting another database into their budget, or simply don’t have the budget for a new software platform. However, we know that most firms do have the budget for conferences and travel, and have passed Marketplace through in place of a conference. This might not make sense on first read, but one of the added benefits of becoming a Marketplace member is exclusive access to our yearly Dakota Conference, in which investment professionals from around the country come together for a day-long event, including speakers, Dakota Live! Panels, and networking. Additionally, every Dakota Live! Call has the insights equivalent to that of a conference, and many of our members have said they feel like they’re attending an event without ever leaving their office. Is Marketplace right for your firm? While the needs of every firm vary, there are some factors that can help indicate that Marketplace is a good fit for yours. In this section, we’ll outline what those are, and how you can get started with learning more about the platform. If you… Call on institutional and RIA accounts and contacts Want accurate and up-to-date data Use Salesforce Want to increase your team’s efficiency with city scheduling, accurate data, and less time spent researching Need a way to stay up-to-date on new searches, public pension information, industry trends and news. If you're ready to learn more about Dakota Marketplace and if it's the right fit for you and your firm, we'd love to offer a free trial.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_208_the-3-benefits-of-dakota-marketplace-for-salesforc

{'title': 'The 3 Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce', 'introduction': 'Anyone in investment sales knows the importance of having a clean, up-to-date database for your firm. In order to increase efficiency and productivity of your sales team we understand you need visibility into your market, as well as fresh information on firms. That is exactly why we created Dakota Marketplace. But we didn’t stop here. We asked ourselves, “How can we simplify the sales process even more for our customers?” In turn, we created the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce Integration to link your database with ours. The unnecessary switching between tabs and Excel Sheets has been eliminated. With the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce Integration, you can rely on one source of truth without having to work between multiple sources of data. In this article we will discuss Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce and the benefits it has to offer your firm. By the end of the article, you’ll have an idea if Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is a good fit for you and your firm. What is Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce? The issue that many investment sales people face is dealing with disconnected, stale data. How can they call on the right people and set up meetings if their data is not up to date? The answer is straightforward, they can’t. The Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration creates a bridge between your Salesforce instance and Dakota Marketplace by providing real-time updates to accounts and contacts. This permits your sales team to focus their attention towards setting meetings with qualified buyers to grow their leads. Your data will never be incomplete or stale. With that, let’s get into the benefits of the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration. Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce 1. Single source of truth The Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration acts as one common ground in your Salesforce instance for all your data on contacts, accounts, metro areas, etc. This eliminates errors that come with using multiple data sources. In turn, the quality of data will be improved. There’s far less of a chance for duplicated information, outdated information, or conflicting information. Ultimately, this leads to less time wasted on researching who to call on as well as ensuring your data is clean and accurate. 2. Real-time updates Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is updated in real time to eliminate incorrect information and improve accuracy within your CRM. Anytime something is updated in Dakota Marketplace, it will be reflected within your Salesforce instance. There is no need to worry about your team not having the most updated, fresh information. This also allows you and your team to act in a timely manner on any job and role changes, giving you a competitive edge. 3. Easy access to Dakota Marketplace With our newest launch of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce, new tabs such as searches, investments, manager presentation decks, conferences, and public plan minutes can be found directly integrated into your Salesforce instance. When each tab is viewed in the context of accounts and contacts, you’ll see a linked icon displayed for associated entries. Is Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce right for your investment firm? If you want guaranteed consistency between your institutional investment database and your CRM, Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is perfect for you. Save time and energy by bringing everything together into one space. If you’d like to increase your efficiency by setting up more meetings, Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is perfect. Eliminate time researching who to call on by purchasing a subscription. You’ll have the information readily available and can spend more time calling on firms to set up meetings. If you want to increase productivity of you and your team, sign up for Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce. With access to accurate and up-to-date information all in one place, you’ll be able to set up more meetings to generate revenue. Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce costs $7,500 for one member. It is also important to note that Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is only available to users with Dakota Marketplace licenses.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'The 3 Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce', 'content': 'Anyone in investment sales knows the importance of having a clean, up-to-date database for your firm. In order to increase efficiency and productivity of your sales team we understand you need visibility into your market, as well as fresh information on firms. That is exactly why we created Dakota Marketplace. But we didn’t stop here. We asked ourselves, “How can we simplify the sales process even more for our customers?” In turn, we created the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce Integration to link your database with ours. The unnecessary switching between tabs and Excel Sheets has been eliminated. With the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce Integration, you can rely on one source of truth without having to work between multiple sources of data. In this article we will discuss Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce and the benefits it has to offer your firm. By the end of the article, you’ll have an idea if Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is a good fit for you and your firm. What is Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce? The issue that many investment sales people face is dealing with disconnected, stale data. How can they call on the right people and set up meetings if their data is not up to date? The answer is straightforward, they can’t. The Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration creates a bridge between your Salesforce instance and Dakota Marketplace by providing real-time updates to accounts and contacts. This permits your sales team to focus their attention towards setting meetings with qualified buyers to grow their leads. Your data will never be incomplete or stale. With that, let’s get into the benefits of the Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration. Benefits of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce 1. Single source of truth The Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce integration acts as one common ground in your Salesforce instance for all your data on contacts, accounts, metro areas, etc. This eliminates errors that come with using multiple data sources. In turn, the quality of data will be improved. There’s far less of a chance for duplicated information, outdated information, or conflicting information. Ultimately, this leads to less time wasted on researching who to call on as well as ensuring your data is clean and accurate. 2. Real-time updates Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is updated in real time to eliminate incorrect information and improve accuracy within your CRM. Anytime something is updated in Dakota Marketplace, it will be reflected within your Salesforce instance. There is no need to worry about your team not having the most updated, fresh information. This also allows you and your team to act in a timely manner on any job and role changes, giving you a competitive edge. 3. Easy access to Dakota Marketplace With our newest launch of Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce, new tabs such as searches, investments, manager presentation decks, conferences, and public plan minutes can be found directly integrated into your Salesforce instance. When each tab is viewed in the context of accounts and contacts, you’ll see a linked icon displayed for associated entries. Is Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce right for your investment firm? If you want guaranteed consistency between your institutional investment database and your CRM, Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is perfect for you. Save time and energy by bringing everything together into one space. If you’d like to increase your efficiency by setting up more meetings, Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is perfect. Eliminate time researching who to call on by purchasing a subscription. You’ll have the information readily available and can spend more time calling on firms to set up meetings. If you want to increase productivity of you and your team, sign up for Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce. With access to accurate and up-to-date information all in one place, you’ll be able to set up more meetings to generate revenue. Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce costs $7,500 for one member. It is also important to note that Dakota Marketplace for Salesforce is only available to users with Dakota Marketplace licenses.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_182_top-10-most-allocated-private-credit-funds-of-2023

{'title': 'Top 10 Most Allocated Private Credit Funds of 2023', 'introduction': 'In 2023, Dakota tracked approximately 270 investments in private credit strategies totaling nearly $30 billion in allocations. Through our Dakota Marketplace database, we have tracked public investments and other activity from public pension funds, endowments, foundations, and other investment allocators. Private credit activity has experienced significant growth, driven by investors seeking higher yields in a low interest rate environment. The market saw increased diversification, with more opportunities in direct lending, distressed debt, and real estate. In this article, we are covering the top 10 most allocated private credit funds by funding amount that we tracked for the year. See more information and start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace here. Ares Capital Europe IV: $1.5 billion Kotak Strategic Special Situations Fund II: $1.2 billion Ares Pathfinder II Fund: $1.0 billion Ares Senior Credit Investment Partnership: $1.0 billion Castlelake Aviation Fund V Stable Yield: $635 million KLIM Delta Excelsior Fund: $600 million ICG Excelsior SCSp: $600 million OHA Oak Hill Syndicated Loan: $585 million Ares Senior Direct Lending Fund III: $520 million Gramercy Capital Solutions Fund III: $500 million Disclaimer: we cannot guarantee these numbers are 100% complete as investments may have been made that we are unaware of. To explore more on how allocators are investing, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace!', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Top 10 Most Allocated Private Credit Funds of 2023', 'content': 'In 2023, Dakota tracked approximately 270 investments in private credit strategies totaling nearly $30 billion in allocations. Through our Dakota Marketplace database, we have tracked public investments and other activity from public pension funds, endowments, foundations, and other investment allocators. Private credit activity has experienced significant growth, driven by investors seeking higher yields in a low interest rate environment. The market saw increased diversification, with more opportunities in direct lending, distressed debt, and real estate. In this article, we are covering the top 10 most allocated private credit funds by funding amount that we tracked for the year. See more information and start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace here. Ares Capital Europe IV: $1.5 billion Kotak Strategic Special Situations Fund II: $1.2 billion Ares Pathfinder II Fund: $1.0 billion Ares Senior Credit Investment Partnership: $1.0 billion Castlelake Aviation Fund V Stable Yield: $635 million KLIM Delta Excelsior Fund: $600 million ICG Excelsior SCSp: $600 million OHA Oak Hill Syndicated Loan: $585 million Ares Senior Direct Lending Fund III: $520 million Gramercy Capital Solutions Fund III: $500 million Disclaimer: we cannot guarantee these numbers are 100% complete as investments may have been made that we are unaware of. To explore more on how allocators are investing, start your free trial of Dakota Marketplace!', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_036_investment-rfps-announced-in-january-2025

{'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in January 2025', 'introduction': "2025 got off to a busy start with Dakota tracking 13 investment RFPs issued in January, representing nearly $3.9B in potential allocations across international and domestic equities and fixed income, private credit, infrastructure, and hedge funds/liquid alternatives. Notable among the searches were the $1.4B RFPs from the Public Employees’ Retirement System of Mississippi and the Indiana Public Retirement System seeking investment firms with products in global equities and opportunistic credit, respectively. The State Universities Retirement System of Illinois also launched a search for convertible bond strategies on an $800M mandate, while the Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois issued its own $400M RFP seeking low duration fixed income managers. Read on for a comprehensive look at all the manager searches issued by public pensions across asset classes including international and US equities, private credit, infrastructure, and fixed income. To learn more and subscribe to our Searches, click here ! Global Equities Public Employees' Retirement System of Mississippi Consultant: Callan Amount: $1,400,000,000 Deadline: March 31, 2025 Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: RVK Amount: N/A Deadline: February 13, 2025 Absolute Return Iowa Public Employees Retirement System Amount: N/A Deadline: February 21, 2025 International Value / Growth Equities Taunton Contributory Retirement System Consultant: Dahab Associates Amount: $20,000,000 Deadline: February 12, 2025 Opportunistic Credit Indiana Public Retirement System Consultant: Verus Amount: $1,400,000,000 Deadline: February 24, 2025 Infrastructure Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District Retirement Fund Consultant: Marquette Associates Amount: $80,000,000 Deadline: February 21, 2025 US Small / SMID Cap Equity Bristol County Retirement System Consultant: Segal Marco Advisors Amount: $21,000,000 Deadline: February 11, 2025 Medford Contributory Retirement System Consultant: NEPC Amount: $10,000,000 Deadline: February 12, 2025 US Large Cap Equity City of Holyoke Retirement Board Consultant: Mariner Amount: $20,000,000 Deadline: February 14, 2025 Low Duration Fixed Income Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: RVK Amount: $400,000,000 Deadline: February 28, 2025 Convertible Bond Strategies State Universities Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: Meketa Amount: $500,000,000 Deadline: March 7, 2025 To learn more about these RFPs and view all, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Investment RFPs Announced in January 2025', 'content': "2025 got off to a busy start with Dakota tracking 13 investment RFPs issued in January, representing nearly $3.9B in potential allocations across international and domestic equities and fixed income, private credit, infrastructure, and hedge funds/liquid alternatives. Notable among the searches were the $1.4B RFPs from the Public Employees’ Retirement System of Mississippi and the Indiana Public Retirement System seeking investment firms with products in global equities and opportunistic credit, respectively. The State Universities Retirement System of Illinois also launched a search for convertible bond strategies on an $800M mandate, while the Teachers’ Retirement System of Illinois issued its own $400M RFP seeking low duration fixed income managers. Read on for a comprehensive look at all the manager searches issued by public pensions across asset classes including international and US equities, private credit, infrastructure, and fixed income. To learn more and subscribe to our Searches, click here ! Global Equities Public Employees' Retirement System of Mississippi Consultant: Callan Amount: $1,400,000,000 Deadline: March 31, 2025 Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: RVK Amount: N/A Deadline: February 13, 2025 Absolute Return Iowa Public Employees Retirement System Amount: N/A Deadline: February 21, 2025 International Value / Growth Equities Taunton Contributory Retirement System Consultant: Dahab Associates Amount: $20,000,000 Deadline: February 12, 2025 Opportunistic Credit Indiana Public Retirement System Consultant: Verus Amount: $1,400,000,000 Deadline: February 24, 2025 Infrastructure Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District Retirement Fund Consultant: Marquette Associates Amount: $80,000,000 Deadline: February 21, 2025 US Small / SMID Cap Equity Bristol County Retirement System Consultant: Segal Marco Advisors Amount: $21,000,000 Deadline: February 11, 2025 Medford Contributory Retirement System Consultant: NEPC Amount: $10,000,000 Deadline: February 12, 2025 US Large Cap Equity City of Holyoke Retirement Board Consultant: Mariner Amount: $20,000,000 Deadline: February 14, 2025 Low Duration Fixed Income Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: RVK Amount: $400,000,000 Deadline: February 28, 2025 Convertible Bond Strategies State Universities Retirement System of Illinois Consultant: Meketa Amount: $500,000,000 Deadline: March 7, 2025 To learn more about these RFPs and view all, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_097_august-new-fund-launches

{'title': 'August New Fund Launches', 'introduction': "In the dynamic asset management sector, staying informed about industry trends and competitors is essential. To meet this need, we've compiled the latest updates from Form D filings into a concise list of new fund launches. Please note: Form D filings are a probable indication of a new fund launch, but not definitive. For thorough understanding, further research is recommended. Our focused approach ensures that you gain valuable insights for competitive analysis and trend spotting, without the clutter of irrelevant and stale data. This list serves as a tool for keeping your finger on the pulse of the market, helping you make informed decisions and strategize effectively. In this article, we are giving you a breakdown of the new fund launches we discovered this month. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding if any fit within your investment strategy. Private Equity Hildred Capital III Hildred Capital Management has launched Hildred Equity Partners III which was filed on August 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. Hildred Capital Management is a private equity firm that focuses on investing in healthcare and consumer services companies, leveraging its industry expertise to drive growth and value creation. Fund II closed in 2022 with $363 million raised. Hildred is based in New York. Artemis Capital Partners IV, L.P. Artemis Capital Partners has launched Artemis Capital Partners IV, L.P., which was filed on August 26, 2024. Artemis is a private equity firm focused on manufacturers of industrial technology. Based in Boston, Artemis is led by their CEO, James Ward. Private Credit Golub Capital Strategic Partners Fund 3, L.P. Golub Capital has launched Golub Capital Strategic Partners Fund 3, L.P., which was filed on August 26, 2024. Golub Capital specializes in providing credit solutions to middle-market companies, focusing on industries such as technology, healthcare, and business services, primarily in the United States. Golub Capital is based in New York. Venture Capital Lobby Capital II Lobby Capital is a venture capital firm that invests in early-stage technology companies, focusing on innovative startups with strong growth potential. Lobby Capital is based in Palo Alto, California and is led by founders David Hornik, Eric Carlborg, and Buddy Arnheim. Framework Ventures IV Framework Ventures has launched Framework Ventures IV, which was filed on August 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. Framework Ventures is a venture capital firm specializing in blockchain technology and decentralized finance (DeFi) investments, partnering with innovative startups in the digital asset space. Framework previously raised $400 million for Fund III which closed in 2022. Real Estate RCM Westhill Capital Partners, LP Realty Capital Management has launched Framework Ventures IV, which was filed on August 22, 2024. Realty Capital focuses on investments in commercial real estate across various industries, including retail, office, industrial, and multifamily sectors. The firm primarily invests in the United States, with a focus on major metropolitan areas. Realty Capital is based in Irving, Texas and is led by Managing Directors Richard Myers, Jimmy Archie, and Tim Coltart. Hedge Fund / Liquid Alternatives 1881 Capital Partners DeFi Fund, LP 1881 Capital has launched 1881 Capital Partners DeFi Fund, LP, which was filed on August 2, 2024 according to Form D filings. 1881 Capital Partners specializes in digital asset investments, leveraging deep technical expertise and a principled, long-term approach to help clients navigate the digital asset sector through education and transparent decision-making. 1881 is based in Philadelphia, PA and was founded by Christopher Smalley and Nitin Manivasagan. To learn more information about any of these strategies, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace!", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'August New Fund Launches', 'content': "In the dynamic asset management sector, staying informed about industry trends and competitors is essential. To meet this need, we've compiled the latest updates from Form D filings into a concise list of new fund launches. Please note: Form D filings are a probable indication of a new fund launch, but not definitive. For thorough understanding, further research is recommended. Our focused approach ensures that you gain valuable insights for competitive analysis and trend spotting, without the clutter of irrelevant and stale data. This list serves as a tool for keeping your finger on the pulse of the market, helping you make informed decisions and strategize effectively. In this article, we are giving you a breakdown of the new fund launches we discovered this month. By the end of this, you'll have a better understanding if any fit within your investment strategy. Private Equity Hildred Capital III Hildred Capital Management has launched Hildred Equity Partners III which was filed on August 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. Hildred Capital Management is a private equity firm that focuses on investing in healthcare and consumer services companies, leveraging its industry expertise to drive growth and value creation. Fund II closed in 2022 with $363 million raised. Hildred is based in New York. Artemis Capital Partners IV, L.P. Artemis Capital Partners has launched Artemis Capital Partners IV, L.P., which was filed on August 26, 2024. Artemis is a private equity firm focused on manufacturers of industrial technology. Based in Boston, Artemis is led by their CEO, James Ward. Private Credit Golub Capital Strategic Partners Fund 3, L.P. Golub Capital has launched Golub Capital Strategic Partners Fund 3, L.P., which was filed on August 26, 2024. Golub Capital specializes in providing credit solutions to middle-market companies, focusing on industries such as technology, healthcare, and business services, primarily in the United States. Golub Capital is based in New York. Venture Capital Lobby Capital II Lobby Capital is a venture capital firm that invests in early-stage technology companies, focusing on innovative startups with strong growth potential. Lobby Capital is based in Palo Alto, California and is led by founders David Hornik, Eric Carlborg, and Buddy Arnheim. Framework Ventures IV Framework Ventures has launched Framework Ventures IV, which was filed on August 9, 2024 according to Form D filings. Framework Ventures is a venture capital firm specializing in blockchain technology and decentralized finance (DeFi) investments, partnering with innovative startups in the digital asset space. Framework previously raised $400 million for Fund III which closed in 2022. Real Estate RCM Westhill Capital Partners, LP Realty Capital Management has launched Framework Ventures IV, which was filed on August 22, 2024. Realty Capital focuses on investments in commercial real estate across various industries, including retail, office, industrial, and multifamily sectors. The firm primarily invests in the United States, with a focus on major metropolitan areas. Realty Capital is based in Irving, Texas and is led by Managing Directors Richard Myers, Jimmy Archie, and Tim Coltart. Hedge Fund / Liquid Alternatives 1881 Capital Partners DeFi Fund, LP 1881 Capital has launched 1881 Capital Partners DeFi Fund, LP, which was filed on August 2, 2024 according to Form D filings. 1881 Capital Partners specializes in digital asset investments, leveraging deep technical expertise and a principled, long-term approach to help clients navigate the digital asset sector through education and transparent decision-making. 1881 is based in Philadelphia, PA and was founded by Christopher Smalley and Nitin Manivasagan. To learn more information about any of these strategies, start a free trial of Dakota Marketplace!", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_253_february-2023-public-pension-plan-commitment-summa

{'title': 'February 2023 Public Pension Plan Commitment Summary', 'introduction': 'February public pension plan commitment summary: February brought back volatility in both equity and fixed income markets as inflation and the Fed took center stage again. Alternatives, as a result continue to be the allocation of choice for many allocators as they continue attractive risk VS return characteristics and concurrently help to lower intra-portfolio correlations. February was a very active month with 136 individual commitments totaling $12.09 B allocated among 104 individual managers.  There was one termination, as Manulife Total Return Bond was removed from the ND State Investment Board lineup.  44 individual pension funds made commitments during the month. The top allocations during the month were: Connecticut Retirement allocating $1.375 billion Mass PRIM allocating $1.10 billion Washington State Investment Board allocating $1.05 billion Asset Classes- Private Equity had been allocated the most via asset class at 40% of commitments, with Private Real Estate receiving 20% which is the highest in over 5 months, Private Credit maintains a consistent top third with 19% of commitments. Sub Asset Classes-PE Middle Mkt Buyout was the largest sub-asset allocation taking in 17% of commitments, in second Infrastructure allocations have been very consistent over the past 2 quarters and this month took in 9%.  Core Real Estate took in 6% of commitments in third place, reversing a trend we saw begin at the end of Q3 2022.  It is worth mentioning that we saw the highest amount of individual sub-asset classes allocated to this month at 36 sub-asset, where we usually see 25-30 each month represented. Looking at the top shifts made this month: CT Retirement Plans allocated $300 M each to HarbourVest Co-Invest PE and HarbourVest Private Debt funds, $600M among BlackRock Global Infrastructure IV, CT real Assets Co-Invest and Global Infra Partners, and $175 M to Vistria Middle Mkt Buyout Fund V.  This is largest allocation they have made to infrastructure in a number of years as the majority of dollars had gone to PE and private credit. Mass Prim allocated $335 M to TA Growth equity Fund XV, $300 M to Hellman and & Friedman Cap Partners XI large buyout, and $285 M to GTCR Middle Mkt Buyout Fund XIV. Washington State Investment Board also allocated over a billion this month with GTCR Middle Mkt Fund XIV allocated $650M  (the largest single allocation in three months to a single manager by an allocator), and $400 M split among two farmland managers Olympic Sun and Homestead Capital Fund IV. As we noted above, the North Dakota State Investment Board terminated Manulife Total Return Bond fund in the amount of $460 M as they no longer wanted to maintain a short duration mandate.  They have yet to replace this mandate but noted a longer duration stance could make sense given the yield moves. It is worth highlighting that for the first time in over a year allocations to a CLO mandate were made as San Jose Police and Fire allocated $31 M to the Eagle Point Defensive Income Fund.  While we normally see CLO/floating rate allocations made at the beginning of a hiking cycle, there are often instances where CLOs are preferred to other below investment grade credit because of their diversification and secured placement in the capital stack of a company.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'February 2023 Public Pension Plan Commitment Summary', 'content': 'February public pension plan commitment summary: February brought back volatility in both equity and fixed income markets as inflation and the Fed took center stage again. Alternatives, as a result continue to be the allocation of choice for many allocators as they continue attractive risk VS return characteristics and concurrently help to lower intra-portfolio correlations. February was a very active month with 136 individual commitments totaling $12.09 B allocated among 104 individual managers.  There was one termination, as Manulife Total Return Bond was removed from the ND State Investment Board lineup.  44 individual pension funds made commitments during the month. The top allocations during the month were: Connecticut Retirement allocating $1.375 billion Mass PRIM allocating $1.10 billion Washington State Investment Board allocating $1.05 billion Asset Classes- Private Equity had been allocated the most via asset class at 40% of commitments, with Private Real Estate receiving 20% which is the highest in over 5 months, Private Credit maintains a consistent top third with 19% of commitments. Sub Asset Classes-PE Middle Mkt Buyout was the largest sub-asset allocation taking in 17% of commitments, in second Infrastructure allocations have been very consistent over the past 2 quarters and this month took in 9%.  Core Real Estate took in 6% of commitments in third place, reversing a trend we saw begin at the end of Q3 2022.  It is worth mentioning that we saw the highest amount of individual sub-asset classes allocated to this month at 36 sub-asset, where we usually see 25-30 each month represented. Looking at the top shifts made this month: CT Retirement Plans allocated $300 M each to HarbourVest Co-Invest PE and HarbourVest Private Debt funds, $600M among BlackRock Global Infrastructure IV, CT real Assets Co-Invest and Global Infra Partners, and $175 M to Vistria Middle Mkt Buyout Fund V.  This is largest allocation they have made to infrastructure in a number of years as the majority of dollars had gone to PE and private credit. Mass Prim allocated $335 M to TA Growth equity Fund XV, $300 M to Hellman and & Friedman Cap Partners XI large buyout, and $285 M to GTCR Middle Mkt Buyout Fund XIV. Washington State Investment Board also allocated over a billion this month with GTCR Middle Mkt Fund XIV allocated $650M  (the largest single allocation in three months to a single manager by an allocator), and $400 M split among two farmland managers Olympic Sun and Homestead Capital Fund IV. As we noted above, the North Dakota State Investment Board terminated Manulife Total Return Bond fund in the amount of $460 M as they no longer wanted to maintain a short duration mandate.  They have yet to replace this mandate but noted a longer duration stance could make sense given the yield moves. It is worth highlighting that for the first time in over a year allocations to a CLO mandate were made as San Jose Police and Fire allocated $31 M to the Eagle Point Defensive Income Fund.  While we normally see CLO/floating rate allocations made at the beginning of a hiking cycle, there are often instances where CLOs are preferred to other below investment grade credit because of their diversification and secured placement in the capital stack of a company.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_042_how-to-create-a-sales-plan-that-sets-you-up-for-su

{'title': 'How to Create a Sales Plan that Sets You Up for Success', 'introduction': 'If you’re in investment sales, you’ve probably had this conversation: You’re in a meeting with your CEO, Portfolio Manager, or CIO, and they hit you with the big question: “So, how soon do you think we can raise a billion for this strategy?” Now, if you’re like most sales professionals, you’re thinking, “A billion? Really? I’ll be lucky if we hit $200 million in this market!” But here’s the thing - if there isn’t a clear, realistic plan, that billion-dollar expectation sticks. And without setting expectations up front, you’re setting yourself up for a tough ride. That’s why setting expectations with your boss is priority number one. Before you send out one email or make a single call, you need to get on the same page with leadership about What Success Looks Like. This is about aligning visions, so your efforts and the boss’s expectations meet somewhere in reality. Only after you’re both aligned can you sit down and map out a sales plan. The plan will be your roadmap for getting in front of the right people, building relationships, and raising money for your product or strategy. And trust me, once you have clear expectations, that sales plan can work wonders. It keeps you on track, keeps your boss in the loop, and keeps surprises to a minimum. In this article, we’re telling you how to build a sales plan that works - one that keeps you moving forward and keeps your leadership happy. By the end of this, you’ll have the steps to set yourself up for success. Step 1: Setting Expectations: The Foundation of Your Sales Plan Before you dive into planning, sit down with your boss – CEO, CIO, Portfolio Manager, or whoever has high hopes for this product – and talk expectations. Not vague, pie-in-the-sky dreams, but realistic goals grounded in market data and historical performance. Start by asking questions like: What are the revenue or asset targets for this product? What timeline are we looking at? Has anyone at this firm (or any firm like ours) ever hit that number in this timeline? And here’s a crucial step: bring data to back up your insights. You want a realistic baseline, so look at similar strategies, recent performance in your asset class, and timelines other firms have faced. This is where you set the tone for the sales plan. Why this matters: If you skip this conversation, you’re in for a ride. When bosses see that you’ve thought through every piece of the plan, you earn their trust. Plus, it keeps you from chasing impossible targets. Expectations are set; now let’s get to the details. New call-to-action Step 2: Define Your Target Channels – Who Actually Cares About This Product? With expectations set, it’s time to nail down your target channels. Who’s most likely to find your product irresistible? Here’s where you focus on channels that match the product’s structure. For example: Primary Channel: RIAs and Multi-Family Offices who might already invest in similar strategies. Secondary Channels: Bank/broker-dealer platforms, wirehouses, or institutional consultants like Graystone if they’re open to products like yours. Map out each channel with specific details, including the type of accounts you’ll pursue, the geographic areas you’ll focus on, and the level of interest they’ve shown in similar funds. This is your target audience, and you’re going to want to know them well. Pro Tip: Be realistic here. If your product is a new private credit strategy, it’s not going to be a big hit with every RIA on the planet. Think about where you’re most likely to find interest and focus on those areas. Step 3: Plan of Attack to Engage Your Target Channels Daily Now that you know who you’re targeting, let’s talk about the how. Think of this as the meat of your sales plan – how you’ll engage these channels on a daily and weekly basis. Your plan of attack should include: Daily Outreach: Calls, emails, meetings, and networking within your primary channels. Profiling: Capturing feedback to understand where each prospect stands and where they might fit in the sales cycle. Pipeline Management: Tracking each account in your CRM (we use Salesforce) to make sure every opportunity is moving forward. This is where you get specific. If you’re reaching out to RIAs, plan to make, let’s say, 25 asks a day. City scheduling can be a game-changer, too. Choose five cities to work through in rotation, and tailor your outreach to each location’s prospects. The Goal: Don’t let any leads fall through the cracks. By keeping your daily outreach organized, you’ll stay on top of each prospect’s needs and know exactly where they are in the process. Step 4: Back it Up with Data – What Does History Tell You? This is one part of the plan that can’t be ignored. Take a look at what similar products have achieved in the market. When Dakota started marketing that mutual fund in 2013, we realized that almost all of the assets in the space were in funds with 10+ years of history. That was a big reality check, this was going to be a long game. Adding an asset class study to your sales plan gives leadership context on what’s achievable. For example, if you find that large-cap growth funds typically take twelve to eighteen months to gain traction with RIAs, put that in your plan. The data doesn’t just back up your projections; it sets the right expectations for how long this might take. Step 5: Create a Reporting Cadence Here’s a critical piece that’s often overlooked: decide how and when you’ll report on your progress. At Dakota, we do daily 8 a.m. check-ins. Some may think that’s overkill, but it’s accountability gold. It keeps everyone aligned and eliminates surprises. For your plan, set up a reporting cadence that makes sense for you and your boss. Weekly or biweekly check-ins might work best. Here’s what these reports should cover: Activity Reports: Number of calls, meetings, and follow-ups you made. Penetration Reports: How much of your target market you’ve covered. Pipeline Reports: Tracking where each prospect is in the sales cycle. Scorecards: Showing the status and next steps for each key account. The goal is to keep everyone on the same page. When you’re reporting regularly, you create transparency and give leadership a clear picture of your efforts. And you never have to worry about them wondering what you’re up to—they already know. Step 6: Build Metrics into the Plan: Measuring Success Along the Way A sales plan isn’t complete without metrics. These are the benchmarks you’ll use to measure progress and keep things moving. Here are a few core metrics you might include: Activity Metrics: Number of daily/weekly calls, emails, and meetings. Pipeline Metrics: Number of accounts at each sales stage. Market Penetration: Percentage of your TAM (Total Addressable Market) covered. Sales Cycle Metrics: Average time to move an account from initial contact to closing (compare this to industry benchmarks). Performance Tracking: Weekly performance compared to your sales goals. Scorecard Metrics: Tracking status and next steps for your key accounts. By building these metrics into your plan, you’re creating a roadmap with measurable milestones. These aren’t just numbers; they’re indicators that show if you’re moving in the right direction or if you need to adjust your strategy. New call-to-action Step 7: Put it All Together: A One-Page Sales Plan for Clarity The final step is to bring it all together in a clear, concise one-page document. Here’s what your sales plan might look like for, say, the ABC Large Cap Growth Fund: Strategy Name and Product Structure: Describe the fund’s strategy and structure (e.g., open-end mutual fund focused on large-cap growth). Target Channels: Identify primary and secondary channels, like RIAs and broker-dealers. Plan of Attack: Detail your daily outreach, profiling, and pipeline management. Tracking and Reporting: Outline your reporting schedule (weekly check-ins, for example). Optional Asset Class Study: Provide historical insights on similar funds’ growth timelines. Metrics: Include activity, pipeline, and sales cycle metrics. This one-page plan is your guide and reference point. It gives you a clear strategy, sets up accountability, and keeps everyone on the same page. Aligning on Success from Day One Creating a sales plan isn’t just about having a strategy on paper. It’s about aligning expectations with leadership so you’re all working toward the same, realistic goal. When you’ve got a plan in place, everyone knows what “good” looks like, and no one’s left guessing. At Dakota, we make a point of agreeing on What Success Looks Like from the start. And the result? Clear direction, consistent progress, and a team that stays focused on the goal. So, don’t skip the sales plan. Set expectations, build a realistic roadmap, and align with your leadership. With a solid sales plan, you’ll be the dog, not the tail, leading the charge and building momentum every step of the way.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'How to Create a Sales Plan that Sets You Up for Success', 'content': 'If you’re in investment sales, you’ve probably had this conversation: You’re in a meeting with your CEO, Portfolio Manager, or CIO, and they hit you with the big question: “So, how soon do you think we can raise a billion for this strategy?” Now, if you’re like most sales professionals, you’re thinking, “A billion? Really? I’ll be lucky if we hit $200 million in this market!” But here’s the thing - if there isn’t a clear, realistic plan, that billion-dollar expectation sticks. And without setting expectations up front, you’re setting yourself up for a tough ride. That’s why setting expectations with your boss is priority number one. Before you send out one email or make a single call, you need to get on the same page with leadership about What Success Looks Like. This is about aligning visions, so your efforts and the boss’s expectations meet somewhere in reality. Only after you’re both aligned can you sit down and map out a sales plan. The plan will be your roadmap for getting in front of the right people, building relationships, and raising money for your product or strategy. And trust me, once you have clear expectations, that sales plan can work wonders. It keeps you on track, keeps your boss in the loop, and keeps surprises to a minimum. In this article, we’re telling you how to build a sales plan that works - one that keeps you moving forward and keeps your leadership happy. By the end of this, you’ll have the steps to set yourself up for success. Step 1: Setting Expectations: The Foundation of Your Sales Plan Before you dive into planning, sit down with your boss – CEO, CIO, Portfolio Manager, or whoever has high hopes for this product – and talk expectations. Not vague, pie-in-the-sky dreams, but realistic goals grounded in market data and historical performance. Start by asking questions like: What are the revenue or asset targets for this product? What timeline are we looking at? Has anyone at this firm (or any firm like ours) ever hit that number in this timeline? And here’s a crucial step: bring data to back up your insights. You want a realistic baseline, so look at similar strategies, recent performance in your asset class, and timelines other firms have faced. This is where you set the tone for the sales plan. Why this matters: If you skip this conversation, you’re in for a ride. When bosses see that you’ve thought through every piece of the plan, you earn their trust. Plus, it keeps you from chasing impossible targets. Expectations are set; now let’s get to the details. New call-to-action Step 2: Define Your Target Channels – Who Actually Cares About This Product? With expectations set, it’s time to nail down your target channels. Who’s most likely to find your product irresistible? Here’s where you focus on channels that match the product’s structure. For example: Primary Channel: RIAs and Multi-Family Offices who might already invest in similar strategies. Secondary Channels: Bank/broker-dealer platforms, wirehouses, or institutional consultants like Graystone if they’re open to products like yours. Map out each channel with specific details, including the type of accounts you’ll pursue, the geographic areas you’ll focus on, and the level of interest they’ve shown in similar funds. This is your target audience, and you’re going to want to know them well. Pro Tip: Be realistic here. If your product is a new private credit strategy, it’s not going to be a big hit with every RIA on the planet. Think about where you’re most likely to find interest and focus on those areas. Step 3: Plan of Attack to Engage Your Target Channels Daily Now that you know who you’re targeting, let’s talk about the how. Think of this as the meat of your sales plan – how you’ll engage these channels on a daily and weekly basis. Your plan of attack should include: Daily Outreach: Calls, emails, meetings, and networking within your primary channels. Profiling: Capturing feedback to understand where each prospect stands and where they might fit in the sales cycle. Pipeline Management: Tracking each account in your CRM (we use Salesforce) to make sure every opportunity is moving forward. This is where you get specific. If you’re reaching out to RIAs, plan to make, let’s say, 25 asks a day. City scheduling can be a game-changer, too. Choose five cities to work through in rotation, and tailor your outreach to each location’s prospects. The Goal: Don’t let any leads fall through the cracks. By keeping your daily outreach organized, you’ll stay on top of each prospect’s needs and know exactly where they are in the process. Step 4: Back it Up with Data – What Does History Tell You? This is one part of the plan that can’t be ignored. Take a look at what similar products have achieved in the market. When Dakota started marketing that mutual fund in 2013, we realized that almost all of the assets in the space were in funds with 10+ years of history. That was a big reality check, this was going to be a long game. Adding an asset class study to your sales plan gives leadership context on what’s achievable. For example, if you find that large-cap growth funds typically take twelve to eighteen months to gain traction with RIAs, put that in your plan. The data doesn’t just back up your projections; it sets the right expectations for how long this might take. Step 5: Create a Reporting Cadence Here’s a critical piece that’s often overlooked: decide how and when you’ll report on your progress. At Dakota, we do daily 8 a.m. check-ins. Some may think that’s overkill, but it’s accountability gold. It keeps everyone aligned and eliminates surprises. For your plan, set up a reporting cadence that makes sense for you and your boss. Weekly or biweekly check-ins might work best. Here’s what these reports should cover: Activity Reports: Number of calls, meetings, and follow-ups you made. Penetration Reports: How much of your target market you’ve covered. Pipeline Reports: Tracking where each prospect is in the sales cycle. Scorecards: Showing the status and next steps for each key account. The goal is to keep everyone on the same page. When you’re reporting regularly, you create transparency and give leadership a clear picture of your efforts. And you never have to worry about them wondering what you’re up to—they already know. Step 6: Build Metrics into the Plan: Measuring Success Along the Way A sales plan isn’t complete without metrics. These are the benchmarks you’ll use to measure progress and keep things moving. Here are a few core metrics you might include: Activity Metrics: Number of daily/weekly calls, emails, and meetings. Pipeline Metrics: Number of accounts at each sales stage. Market Penetration: Percentage of your TAM (Total Addressable Market) covered. Sales Cycle Metrics: Average time to move an account from initial contact to closing (compare this to industry benchmarks). Performance Tracking: Weekly performance compared to your sales goals. Scorecard Metrics: Tracking status and next steps for your key accounts. By building these metrics into your plan, you’re creating a roadmap with measurable milestones. These aren’t just numbers; they’re indicators that show if you’re moving in the right direction or if you need to adjust your strategy. New call-to-action Step 7: Put it All Together: A One-Page Sales Plan for Clarity The final step is to bring it all together in a clear, concise one-page document. Here’s what your sales plan might look like for, say, the ABC Large Cap Growth Fund: Strategy Name and Product Structure: Describe the fund’s strategy and structure (e.g., open-end mutual fund focused on large-cap growth). Target Channels: Identify primary and secondary channels, like RIAs and broker-dealers. Plan of Attack: Detail your daily outreach, profiling, and pipeline management. Tracking and Reporting: Outline your reporting schedule (weekly check-ins, for example). Optional Asset Class Study: Provide historical insights on similar funds’ growth timelines. Metrics: Include activity, pipeline, and sales cycle metrics. This one-page plan is your guide and reference point. It gives you a clear strategy, sets up accountability, and keeps everyone on the same page. Aligning on Success from Day One Creating a sales plan isn’t just about having a strategy on paper. It’s about aligning expectations with leadership so you’re all working toward the same, realistic goal. When you’ve got a plan in place, everyone knows what “good” looks like, and no one’s left guessing. At Dakota, we make a point of agreeing on What Success Looks Like from the start. And the result? Clear direction, consistent progress, and a team that stays focused on the goal. So, don’t skip the sales plan. Set expectations, build a realistic roadmap, and align with your leadership. With a solid sales plan, you’ll be the dog, not the tail, leading the charge and building momentum every step of the way.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_144_april-2024-financial-advisor-and-ria-moves-and-acq

{'title': 'April 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'introduction': 'The RIA industry has experienced significant growth, particularly among large RIAs with assets over $1 billion, which now control more than 80% of RIA client assets. This dominance has led to increased valuations for these firms, as they receive higher valuation multiples due to their substantial size growth. This trend has made big RIA acquirers more selective, thereby creating opportunities for midsize firms. In terms of advisor recruitment, LPL Financial reported a record-breaking first quarter in 2024, with $20 billion in recruited assets from January through March, marking its most successful recruiting quarter to date. At the end of April, Dakota documented roughly 40 transactions, and you can see these all in Dakota Marketplace. In this article, we\'re reporting the 40 transactions we saw so you are in the know. By the end of this, you\'ll have a better understanding of the shifts this past April. One of the larger acquisitions this month, Cerity Partners has merged with Denver-based Agility, the investment outsourcing branch of Perella Weinberg Partners (PWP). Agility, serving as an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) for nonprofits, university foundations, and wealthy families, managed approximately $15 billion in assets. Through the transition, Cerity Partners will now manage approximately $100 billion in assets. The merger enhances Cerity Partners\' OCIO capabilities, with Agility known for its exceptional services in this area. The deal is expected to close in June, with Agility to be rebranded as Cerity Partners OCIO. Agility\'s leadership includes Chris Bittman, former CIO of the University of Colorado Foundation, and Deputy CIO Kent Muckel, former CIO of Baylor University.Cerity specializes in serving ultra-high net worth clients and has a history of merging with other RIAs and service providers catering to this demographic. This transaction with Agility marks Cerity Partners\' first in 2024. The merger is part of Cerity Partners\' growth strategy and enhances its service offerings. Cerity aims to keep Agility\'s investment research and processes that contributed to its growth within PWP. One of the larger moves this month, Cresset has expanded its San Francisco presence by acquiring two advisory teams formerly associated with J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and originally from First Republic Bank. These teams include three lead advisors and 12 additional financial professionals, managing a combined total of approximately $5 billion in assets. One of the teams, consisting of 10 members, is led by Dagny Maidman, who recently joined Cresset. Maidman had an eight-year tenure at First Republic and JP Morgan, most recently serving as a senior managing director at First Republic. Her team has been together for approximately 10 years and includes associates with CFA designations and two Certified Financial Planners. They are known for their ability to create comprehensive solutions for ultra-high-net-worth clients. The second team, comprising five members, is directed by Chris Chase and Erik Ralston, who each have more than 20 years of industry experience. Chase, who joined First Republic in October 2015, was a managing director there until its acquisition by JP Morgan. Similarly, Ralston joined First Republic in 2015 and served as a managing director and wealth manager post-acquisition. The two teams have had a successful partnership and are looking forward to providing their clients with access to Cresset\'s platform. Independents: UBS has extended its arms to The Bucher Group in Birmingham, Michigan. The new addition consists of the father-son advisor duo Matthew J. Bucher and Matthew M. Bucher, along with Client Service Associate Christina Lynn Propst. The Bucher Group specializes in offering investment strategies and wealth management advice tailored for high-net-worth individuals and families. They manage approximately $700 million in assets. Prior to joining UBS, The Bucher Group was part of a larger team at Merrill Lynch known as The Locniskar Pursel Bucher Biddinger Group, which managed around $4 billion in assets. Matthew J. Bucher, the senior advisor, has been active in the financial industry since 1983. Matt is active in various community groups. He has served on the board of the Friends of the Detroit Film Theatre, and is a former member of the finance committee of the Detroit Athletic Club. In addition he holds CPFA and CRPC designations. His son, Matthew M. Bucher, entered the industry in 2015. Both have spent their entire careers at Merrill Lynch before their move to UBS. Matthew, the son, also holds a CFP designation. Raymond James has recruited financial advisor Joseph Martinez from Wells Fargo. Martinez joins the Raymond James Financial Institutions Division through Pinnacle Asset Management. Alongside Registered Client Services Associate Lucy Chism, Martinez will work out of Pinnacle\'s Nashville, Tennessee office. At Wells Fargo, Martinez was responsible for managing approximately $243 million in assets. His career in the financial sector began in 2001 when he first registered as a broker with Bank of America Investment Services. Throughout his career, Martinez has worked with a total of five different firms, joining Wells Fargo in 2016 where he served as both a broker and investment advisor. This move marks a significant transition for Martinez and adds to the talent pool within Raymond James\' Financial Institutions Division. Raymond James has added a team of financial advisors from RBC Wealth Management, who managed over $1.1 billion in assets. Through the shift, the advisors formed the Pahnke Wealth Management Group. The team, based in Scottsdale, Arizona, includes advisors Glenn Pahnke, Ted Churchill, and Austin Pahnke, alongside Practice Business Manager Gretchen Forler, Senior Investment Portfolio Analyst Mark Ackel, Investment Portfolio Associate Tracy Jenkins, and four client service associates. Glenn Pahnke has been in the financial industry for over 30 years. Before joining RBC, where he spent 12 years, Glenn Pahnke worked at Robert W. Baird & Co. and has experience with several other firms, including a UBS predecessor. As an active member of his community, Glenn spends time outside the office with the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Valley as well as the Arizona Friends of Foster Children Foundation. Ted Churchill began his financial career at Zions Bancorporation in 2006 before moving to RBC in 2016. Austin Pahnke, Glenn\'s son, started his career in financial services at RBC in 2017 and holds a CFP designation. Stratos Wealth Advisors has expanded its team by acquiring a six-person group of financial advisors from RBC Wealth Management based in Reno, Nevada. This newly formed team will operate as Reno Tahoe Wealth Management and consist of Peter Bessette, Carla Bessette, Drew Bessette, Dan Roberts, Erich Brenner, and Sonni Schafer. They collectively manage approximately $500 million in assets, marking Stratos\' entry into the Northern Nevada market. Peter Bessette brings over two decades of experience in financial services, having spent 23 years at RBC where he collaborated with Roberts and Brenner. Carla Bessette, who has been in the industry for thirty years, also moved from RBC to Stratos in 2000. Drew Bessette, the newest member, started his career in the industry in 2020 as a wealth planning associate. Joseph John "JJ" Marus and Lauren Norris, former advisors at Merrill Lynch managing $700 million in assets, have left the wirehouse to establish their own firm, Vincita Investment Partners, via Sanctuary Wealth. Based in Greensboro, North Carolina, the duo aims to leverage their extensive experience, with Norris having spent her entire nine-year career at Merrill and Marus having a decade at Merrill after a three-year tenure at Goldman Sachs. Both Marus and Norris bring not only financial expertise but also distinguished athletic backgrounds to their new venture; Marus is a former U.S. Olympic trials swimmer, and Norris is an all-American lacrosse player and coach. The name Vincita translates to "winning" or "victory" in Italian. The new firm will cater to business owners, C-suite executives, and many others. Both Marus and Norris hold a combination of designations which include CEPA, CPWA, CRPC, CFP, and CPFA respectively. A trio of Wells Fargo advisors, Erick Simonds, Eugene Sninski II, and Lisa Sninski, have joined ` Financial, bringing with them $250 million in managed assets. The team is set to operate under the name Windward Wealth Advisors in Brick, New Jersey.They chose the name Windward Wealth Advisors as a nautical tribute, symbolizing the skill and adaptability required in both sailing and financial advising. The team, consisting of Simonds and the Sninski siblings, has a long-standing professional relationship, with Simonds and Eugene Sninski collaborating for 17 years before Lisa Sninski joined them three years ago. Simonds holds a CRPC designation. The move is part of a trend of advisors transitioning from Wells Fargo to LPL Financial. Ashton Thomas Private Wealth has added a $300 million advisory team, known as the Confluence Team. The team is based out of Colorado. The team is led by Angela Johnson and Doug May, both of whom were previously associated with WealthSource. Johnson joined WealthSource in 2021, and May has been with the firm since 2016. Accompanying Johnson and May in the move to Ashton Thomas are an additional advisor, an investment analyst, and two client service associates. Johnson and May had been running separate practices at WealthSource but had sought to unite their efforts under a new firm. Ashton Thomas was among the top choices for Johnson and May due to the wealth solutions and supportive environment it offers. The addition of the Confluence Team marks the establishment of Ashton Thomas\'s second team and third office in Colorado. This move signifies Ashton Thomas\'s strategic growth and its appeal to high-performing advisory teams looking for supportive and aligned platforms. Kestra Financial has added Borger Financial Services, a wealth management firm from the New York Metro area. Borger is led by Debra Clark and co-principal Lawrence Elie Borger and manages approximately $600 million in assets. The firm also has offices in Connecticut and New Jersey. Debra Clark began her career in 1989 when she started with First Albany Corporation. She also had stints at four different firms before joining Hornor, Townsend & Kent in 2010. Clark specializes in managing portfolios for high net worth individuals, sole proprietors and small businesses. In addition, she holds a CFP designation and FINRA Series 7, 63 and 65 registrations. Lawrence on the other hand, entered the industry in 2003 and joined Clark at Hornor, Townsend & Kent in 2010. Lawrence provides comprehensive financial planning to business owners, professionals and corporate executives. Before switching into the finance sector, Borger practiced corporate law for fortune 500 companies. Clark and Borger switched to Kestra back in October 2023 with Clark in Connecticut and Borger in the New Jersey office, respectively. New call-to-action A group of financial advisors from Merrill Lynch in Birmingham, Alabama, has shifted to Dynasty Financial Partner. Through this transition, the advisors have formed Fairvoy Private Wealth. The team comprises Senior Wealth Advisors Stephen Davis, Neal Carroll, Ashley Davis, and H. Alan Word, Private Wealth Advisor Claudia Johnston, and Associate Wealth Advisor Alma Maric. Together, they managed $550 million in assets while at Merrill Lynch. Neal Carroll and Ashley Davis started their careers at Merrill Lynch in 2003 and 2007. Collectively, the duo holds CFP, CPWA, CPFA, CPA, and CRPC destinations. Carroll and Davis also serve as the firm\'s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. Stephen Davis has been in the financial industry since 1998, spending the majority of his career at Merrill Lynch. H. Alan Word entered the finance sector in 1976 and joined Merrill Lynch in 2013. Claudia Johnston began her career at Goldman Sachs in 2004 before moving to Merrill Lynch in 2010. Alma Maric registered as a broker and investment advisor with Merrill Lynch in 2023, but has extensive knowledge having worked at Morgan Stanley and Dicover as a Customer Service Representive. Fairvoy Private Wealth has chosen Fidelity as its custodian in this new phase of independence. David Gottlieb, an advisor with a specialty in real estate, has joined Savvy Advisors after previously working at Prosperity, known before as EisnerAmper Wealth Management. With a background in managing diverse real estate portfolios, including industrial, office, retail, and multifamily properties, Gottlieb brings a unique expertise to Savvy\'s network. He was drawn to Savvy by the firm\'s advanced technology infrastructure which will support his approach to managing real estate investments. Gottlieb will be based in West Orange, NJ. The partnership between Gottlieb and Savvy Advisors is expected to create investment solutions tailored for clients in the real estate sector. Prior to Prosperity, Gottlieb had stints that included time at Morgan Stanley and Ameriprise. He also holds APMA and CRPS designations, respectively. Kingsview Partners has added a trio of financial advisors from Edward Jones to join their team in Greensboro, North Carolina. The advisors, Greer Ducker, Jeff Champigny, and Lisa Rosenberg, specialize in retirement, charitable giving, and estate planning, with a particular focus on multigenerational wealth management. They will be joining Kingsview as partners. Greer Ducker has been with Edward Jones since the beginning of his career in the financial services industry in 1999. This long tenure has given him substantial experience. Jeff Champigny started his financial services career at Merrill Lynch in 2017, later moving to Edward Jones in 2022. Lisa Rosenberg, wife of Greer, began her career as a broker and investment advisor just last year, registering with Edward Jones in July. Their move to Kingsview marks a significant transition and is poised to enhance the services Kingsview offers to its clients in North Carolina. Wealth Enhancement Group has named three leadership roles including a new Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Chief Product Officer. They have hired Jim Cahn, Michael Fredericks and Dan Stampf to assume these roles, respectively. Michael Fredericks has taken over the role of chief investment officer, following his previous role as Managing Director and Head of Income Investing at BlackRock. In his new position, he is responsible for the investment process at Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services and for maintaining the quality of investment offerings for clients. Fredericks began his career in the finance industry in 1999 with Baring Investment Services and had a stint at JPMorgan Asset Management before joining BlackRock. Dan Stampf has been appointed as the Chief Product Officer at Wealth Enhancement Group. Prior to this role, he served as a Vice President at Empower and has also held positions at Fisher Investments and Personal Capital. His duties at Wealth Enhancement include overseeing financial and estate planning, tax strategies, and other client services. Fredericks will report directly to Jim Cahn, who was appointed as the chief strategy officer and chair of the investment committee. Cahn was formerly the chief investments and business development officer at Wealth Enhancement. A six-person advisory team from Morgan Stanley, managing approximately $1.2 billion in assets, has transitioned to Wells Fargo. The team, known as the AGR Group, is based in Beverly Hills, California and includes Advisors Lisa Amster, Gerald "Jerry" Gallagher, and Larry Roth, as well as Wealth Managers Michael Blood, Kelly Drinan, and Sammy Elguindi. They were previously at Morgan Stanley for about a decade after joining from Barclays Capital in 2014. At Morgan Stanley, they provided a range of services such as advice on corporate stock plans, pre-liquidity planning, risk management, and wealth education. The team will now report to Phil Winterson and Paul Vannuki at Wells Fargo. Amster, Gallagher, and Roth have extensive experience in the finance industry, with 21, 23, and 22 years respectively. Gallagher and Roth have previously worked together at UBS, Merrill Lynch, and Northern Trust Securities before joining Barclays, where they were joined by Amster. Michael Blood and Kelly Drinan, who have 19 and 20 years of experience respectively, also moved with the group from Barclays to Morgan Stanley. Blood had prior experience at Citigroup Global Markets, and Drinan at Goldman Sachs. Sammy Elguindi is the newest member of the industry, having been at Morgan Stanley since 2016. Matthew Gotlin has been appointed as the Chief Investment Officer of Choreo. Gotlin recently joined the firm in November 2023 after its recent acquisition of the affiliated wealth management business of BDO USA. In his new role, Gotlin will lead a team focused on developing client-centric investment solutions and conducting research on various aspects of the financial markets, including both public and private markets, and economic trends. Gotlin brings a wealth of experience to the position, having previously served as Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer at BDO USA. Prior to BDO, he was the Director of Research at Biegel & Waller. He also co-founded March Capital, a private equity firm targeting the lower middle market. He holds a Chartered Financial Analyst designation and has an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, as well as an undergraduate degree from Duke University. LPL Financial has added a trio of financial advisors Greg Mullaney, Colleen Kelly Abate, and Peter Pagano to its platform. The team, previously with Ameriprise Financial, reported managing approximately $300 million in assets. With their transition, they have launched Somnio Wealth, an independent financial practice located in Louisville, Kentucky.The name "Somnio Wealth" derives from the Latin word for "to dream," reflecting the firm\'s mission to aid clients in achieving the American Dream. The firm\'s colors, red, white, and blue, further emphasize this focus. Greg Mullaney serves as the Chief Executive Officer and a Private Wealth Advisor. Mullaney has over 15 years in the financial services industry and obtains a CFP designation. Colleen Kelly works as a financial advisor for Somnio Wealth. Before joining LPL Financial, she served as a financial advisor at ARGI Financial Group and worked in various roles within foreign services. During this time, she learned Spanish and studied French and Chinese. Similar to Mullaney, she also holds a CFP designation. Matt Dmytryszyn has been appointed as the new Chief Investment Officer of Miracle Mile Advisors, a Los Angeles-based RIA managing approximately $5.1 billion in assets. He replaces Peter Lowden, who has taken on the role of CIO at Syon Capital, San Francisco-based  a wealth management firm. Lowden\'s registration as an investment advisor with Miracle Mile ended on January 26 of this year. Dmytryszyn joins from Telemus Capital, where he served as CIO for nearly three years and was part of the team for over five years. Telemus Capital is supported by Focus Financial Partners. Before his tenure at Telemus, Dmytryszyn worked at LaSalle Street Capital Management, Russell Investments, and Piper Jaffray. Matt holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Outside of work, he is very active in the community, serving on the board of directors of Bridge Communities, and is a member of the Village of Downers Grove Planning Commission. Financial advisors Alejandro "Alex" De Leon and Robert "Bob" Gorman have joined LPL Financial from Wells Fargo. With this transition, the duo has established their own independent firm, Spotlight Financial, managing about $200 million in assets. Spotlight Financial is based in Corpus Christi, Texas. Alejandro "Alex" De Leon has been in the financial industry for over 20 years and also an active member of his community, where he serves as the President of the Corpus Christi Literary Reading Series. Bob Gorman is a seasoned financial advisor with 32 years in the industry. Their new venture aims to enhance client experiences with a strong emphasis on financial education and transparency. Taimur "Tam" Baig, seasoned financial advisor specializing in serving technology and biotechnology professionals, has moved from Morgan Stanley to join Raymond James & Associates in California. He will operate as Be Wealth Efficient, in which he brings $130 million in assets from Morgan Stanely. Baig started his financial services career at Merrill Lynch in 2009. He worked for seven years at Wells Fargo and then spent eight years at Morgan Stanley. In 2024, he founded Be Wealth Efficient at Raymond James. Additionally, Baig has served in the United States Marine Corps. Stifel Financial has acquired a team of advisors from Wells Fargo Advisors, which manages $395 million in assets. The team, based in Omaha, Nebraska, operates under the name Robino Private Wealth Management Group and consists of advisors Michael Robino and Brett Becker, Senior Client Associate Michelle Hattam, and Marketing Associate Katie Swanson. Robino\'s career in the financial industry began in 1994 at Financial Network Investment Corp., and he has also been associated with Wells Fargo. Michael earned the CFP certification and has built a practice that emphasizes strong client relationships, in-depth customization, and committed service. Brett Becker started his career in 2014 with Waddell & Reed and has worked with Insight Securities and Wells Fargo. Brett’s primary role is supporting Mike with client portfolios and works closely in wealth management. Brett holds both CFA and CAIA designations. Michelle Hattam has been in the industry since 1998, with registrations at Ameritrade, Scottrade, and multiple stints at Wells Fargo. Katie Swanson brings over nine years of experience from her tenure at Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has added a high-profile team of financial advisors from JPMorgan, consisting of Jeremy Schneider, Anthony Rizzo, Brett Langbert, and Roy Apple. Operating under the name Rizzo, Apple, Schneider, and Langbert Group, they are now part of Wells Fargo\'s bank channel in Palm Beach, Florida. The team was responsible for managing over $1.3 billion in assets at JPMorgan. They also generated more than $9.3 million in trailing 12-month production prior to their transition. Each member brings a wealth of experience: Schneider began in the financial services industry in 1996 an equity trader in the oil services sector. Anthony Rizzo since 1995 and prior to joining Wells Fargo, he previously managed growth, balanced and ETF portfolios as a member of J.P. Morgan Wealth Management Portfolio Manager Program. Roy Apple has over 30 years of financial services experience, including a background in both fixed income and equities since 1986. All three originally joined JPMorgan from Deutsche Bank Securities in 2014. Brett Langbert started his career in 1997 and moved to JPMorgan in 2018 from AllianceBernstein. Clayton Ortloff, a former Merrill Lynch advisor, has launched Heritage Private Wealth, an independent firm, in collaboration with LPL Financial. Based in his hometown of Midland, Texas, Ortloff is deeply connected to the community, offering insights into the local financial landscape. Since beginning his career in financial services in 2007 with Merrill Lynch, he has accumulated a significant clientele, managing around $800 million in assets, primarily for high-net-worth, multigenerational families in the oil and gas industry. Ortloff offers a range of wealth management services, including diversification strategies, management of concentrated stock positions, legacy planning, and charitable giving. Beyond his professional life, he is committed to his community, actively participating in charity work and local volunteer efforts. His team at Heritage Private Wealth includes Director of Client Relations Gloria Folsom, and Wealth Manager Assistants Allison Gordon and Rachael Sawyer.', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'April 2024 Financial Advisor and RIA Moves and Acquisitions', 'content': 'The RIA industry has experienced significant growth, particularly among large RIAs with assets over $1 billion, which now control more than 80% of RIA client assets. This dominance has led to increased valuations for these firms, as they receive higher valuation multiples due to their substantial size growth. This trend has made big RIA acquirers more selective, thereby creating opportunities for midsize firms. In terms of advisor recruitment, LPL Financial reported a record-breaking first quarter in 2024, with $20 billion in recruited assets from January through March, marking its most successful recruiting quarter to date. At the end of April, Dakota documented roughly 40 transactions, and you can see these all in Dakota Marketplace. In this article, we\'re reporting the 40 transactions we saw so you are in the know. By the end of this, you\'ll have a better understanding of the shifts this past April. One of the larger acquisitions this month, Cerity Partners has merged with Denver-based Agility, the investment outsourcing branch of Perella Weinberg Partners (PWP). Agility, serving as an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) for nonprofits, university foundations, and wealthy families, managed approximately $15 billion in assets. Through the transition, Cerity Partners will now manage approximately $100 billion in assets. The merger enhances Cerity Partners\' OCIO capabilities, with Agility known for its exceptional services in this area. The deal is expected to close in June, with Agility to be rebranded as Cerity Partners OCIO. Agility\'s leadership includes Chris Bittman, former CIO of the University of Colorado Foundation, and Deputy CIO Kent Muckel, former CIO of Baylor University.Cerity specializes in serving ultra-high net worth clients and has a history of merging with other RIAs and service providers catering to this demographic. This transaction with Agility marks Cerity Partners\' first in 2024. The merger is part of Cerity Partners\' growth strategy and enhances its service offerings. Cerity aims to keep Agility\'s investment research and processes that contributed to its growth within PWP. One of the larger moves this month, Cresset has expanded its San Francisco presence by acquiring two advisory teams formerly associated with J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and originally from First Republic Bank. These teams include three lead advisors and 12 additional financial professionals, managing a combined total of approximately $5 billion in assets. One of the teams, consisting of 10 members, is led by Dagny Maidman, who recently joined Cresset. Maidman had an eight-year tenure at First Republic and JP Morgan, most recently serving as a senior managing director at First Republic. Her team has been together for approximately 10 years and includes associates with CFA designations and two Certified Financial Planners. They are known for their ability to create comprehensive solutions for ultra-high-net-worth clients. The second team, comprising five members, is directed by Chris Chase and Erik Ralston, who each have more than 20 years of industry experience. Chase, who joined First Republic in October 2015, was a managing director there until its acquisition by JP Morgan. Similarly, Ralston joined First Republic in 2015 and served as a managing director and wealth manager post-acquisition. The two teams have had a successful partnership and are looking forward to providing their clients with access to Cresset\'s platform. Independents: UBS has extended its arms to The Bucher Group in Birmingham, Michigan. The new addition consists of the father-son advisor duo Matthew J. Bucher and Matthew M. Bucher, along with Client Service Associate Christina Lynn Propst. The Bucher Group specializes in offering investment strategies and wealth management advice tailored for high-net-worth individuals and families. They manage approximately $700 million in assets. Prior to joining UBS, The Bucher Group was part of a larger team at Merrill Lynch known as The Locniskar Pursel Bucher Biddinger Group, which managed around $4 billion in assets. Matthew J. Bucher, the senior advisor, has been active in the financial industry since 1983. Matt is active in various community groups. He has served on the board of the Friends of the Detroit Film Theatre, and is a former member of the finance committee of the Detroit Athletic Club. In addition he holds CPFA and CRPC designations. His son, Matthew M. Bucher, entered the industry in 2015. Both have spent their entire careers at Merrill Lynch before their move to UBS. Matthew, the son, also holds a CFP designation. Raymond James has recruited financial advisor Joseph Martinez from Wells Fargo. Martinez joins the Raymond James Financial Institutions Division through Pinnacle Asset Management. Alongside Registered Client Services Associate Lucy Chism, Martinez will work out of Pinnacle\'s Nashville, Tennessee office. At Wells Fargo, Martinez was responsible for managing approximately $243 million in assets. His career in the financial sector began in 2001 when he first registered as a broker with Bank of America Investment Services. Throughout his career, Martinez has worked with a total of five different firms, joining Wells Fargo in 2016 where he served as both a broker and investment advisor. This move marks a significant transition for Martinez and adds to the talent pool within Raymond James\' Financial Institutions Division. Raymond James has added a team of financial advisors from RBC Wealth Management, who managed over $1.1 billion in assets. Through the shift, the advisors formed the Pahnke Wealth Management Group. The team, based in Scottsdale, Arizona, includes advisors Glenn Pahnke, Ted Churchill, and Austin Pahnke, alongside Practice Business Manager Gretchen Forler, Senior Investment Portfolio Analyst Mark Ackel, Investment Portfolio Associate Tracy Jenkins, and four client service associates. Glenn Pahnke has been in the financial industry for over 30 years. Before joining RBC, where he spent 12 years, Glenn Pahnke worked at Robert W. Baird & Co. and has experience with several other firms, including a UBS predecessor. As an active member of his community, Glenn spends time outside the office with the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Valley as well as the Arizona Friends of Foster Children Foundation. Ted Churchill began his financial career at Zions Bancorporation in 2006 before moving to RBC in 2016. Austin Pahnke, Glenn\'s son, started his career in financial services at RBC in 2017 and holds a CFP designation. Stratos Wealth Advisors has expanded its team by acquiring a six-person group of financial advisors from RBC Wealth Management based in Reno, Nevada. This newly formed team will operate as Reno Tahoe Wealth Management and consist of Peter Bessette, Carla Bessette, Drew Bessette, Dan Roberts, Erich Brenner, and Sonni Schafer. They collectively manage approximately $500 million in assets, marking Stratos\' entry into the Northern Nevada market. Peter Bessette brings over two decades of experience in financial services, having spent 23 years at RBC where he collaborated with Roberts and Brenner. Carla Bessette, who has been in the industry for thirty years, also moved from RBC to Stratos in 2000. Drew Bessette, the newest member, started his career in the industry in 2020 as a wealth planning associate. Joseph John "JJ" Marus and Lauren Norris, former advisors at Merrill Lynch managing $700 million in assets, have left the wirehouse to establish their own firm, Vincita Investment Partners, via Sanctuary Wealth. Based in Greensboro, North Carolina, the duo aims to leverage their extensive experience, with Norris having spent her entire nine-year career at Merrill and Marus having a decade at Merrill after a three-year tenure at Goldman Sachs. Both Marus and Norris bring not only financial expertise but also distinguished athletic backgrounds to their new venture; Marus is a former U.S. Olympic trials swimmer, and Norris is an all-American lacrosse player and coach. The name Vincita translates to "winning" or "victory" in Italian. The new firm will cater to business owners, C-suite executives, and many others. Both Marus and Norris hold a combination of designations which include CEPA, CPWA, CRPC, CFP, and CPFA respectively. A trio of Wells Fargo advisors, Erick Simonds, Eugene Sninski II, and Lisa Sninski, have joined ` Financial, bringing with them $250 million in managed assets. The team is set to operate under the name Windward Wealth Advisors in Brick, New Jersey.They chose the name Windward Wealth Advisors as a nautical tribute, symbolizing the skill and adaptability required in both sailing and financial advising. The team, consisting of Simonds and the Sninski siblings, has a long-standing professional relationship, with Simonds and Eugene Sninski collaborating for 17 years before Lisa Sninski joined them three years ago. Simonds holds a CRPC designation. The move is part of a trend of advisors transitioning from Wells Fargo to LPL Financial. Ashton Thomas Private Wealth has added a $300 million advisory team, known as the Confluence Team. The team is based out of Colorado. The team is led by Angela Johnson and Doug May, both of whom were previously associated with WealthSource. Johnson joined WealthSource in 2021, and May has been with the firm since 2016. Accompanying Johnson and May in the move to Ashton Thomas are an additional advisor, an investment analyst, and two client service associates. Johnson and May had been running separate practices at WealthSource but had sought to unite their efforts under a new firm. Ashton Thomas was among the top choices for Johnson and May due to the wealth solutions and supportive environment it offers. The addition of the Confluence Team marks the establishment of Ashton Thomas\'s second team and third office in Colorado. This move signifies Ashton Thomas\'s strategic growth and its appeal to high-performing advisory teams looking for supportive and aligned platforms. Kestra Financial has added Borger Financial Services, a wealth management firm from the New York Metro area. Borger is led by Debra Clark and co-principal Lawrence Elie Borger and manages approximately $600 million in assets. The firm also has offices in Connecticut and New Jersey. Debra Clark began her career in 1989 when she started with First Albany Corporation. She also had stints at four different firms before joining Hornor, Townsend & Kent in 2010. Clark specializes in managing portfolios for high net worth individuals, sole proprietors and small businesses. In addition, she holds a CFP designation and FINRA Series 7, 63 and 65 registrations. Lawrence on the other hand, entered the industry in 2003 and joined Clark at Hornor, Townsend & Kent in 2010. Lawrence provides comprehensive financial planning to business owners, professionals and corporate executives. Before switching into the finance sector, Borger practiced corporate law for fortune 500 companies. Clark and Borger switched to Kestra back in October 2023 with Clark in Connecticut and Borger in the New Jersey office, respectively. New call-to-action A group of financial advisors from Merrill Lynch in Birmingham, Alabama, has shifted to Dynasty Financial Partner. Through this transition, the advisors have formed Fairvoy Private Wealth. The team comprises Senior Wealth Advisors Stephen Davis, Neal Carroll, Ashley Davis, and H. Alan Word, Private Wealth Advisor Claudia Johnston, and Associate Wealth Advisor Alma Maric. Together, they managed $550 million in assets while at Merrill Lynch. Neal Carroll and Ashley Davis started their careers at Merrill Lynch in 2003 and 2007. Collectively, the duo holds CFP, CPWA, CPFA, CPA, and CRPC destinations. Carroll and Davis also serve as the firm\'s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. Stephen Davis has been in the financial industry since 1998, spending the majority of his career at Merrill Lynch. H. Alan Word entered the finance sector in 1976 and joined Merrill Lynch in 2013. Claudia Johnston began her career at Goldman Sachs in 2004 before moving to Merrill Lynch in 2010. Alma Maric registered as a broker and investment advisor with Merrill Lynch in 2023, but has extensive knowledge having worked at Morgan Stanley and Dicover as a Customer Service Representive. Fairvoy Private Wealth has chosen Fidelity as its custodian in this new phase of independence. David Gottlieb, an advisor with a specialty in real estate, has joined Savvy Advisors after previously working at Prosperity, known before as EisnerAmper Wealth Management. With a background in managing diverse real estate portfolios, including industrial, office, retail, and multifamily properties, Gottlieb brings a unique expertise to Savvy\'s network. He was drawn to Savvy by the firm\'s advanced technology infrastructure which will support his approach to managing real estate investments. Gottlieb will be based in West Orange, NJ. The partnership between Gottlieb and Savvy Advisors is expected to create investment solutions tailored for clients in the real estate sector. Prior to Prosperity, Gottlieb had stints that included time at Morgan Stanley and Ameriprise. He also holds APMA and CRPS designations, respectively. Kingsview Partners has added a trio of financial advisors from Edward Jones to join their team in Greensboro, North Carolina. The advisors, Greer Ducker, Jeff Champigny, and Lisa Rosenberg, specialize in retirement, charitable giving, and estate planning, with a particular focus on multigenerational wealth management. They will be joining Kingsview as partners. Greer Ducker has been with Edward Jones since the beginning of his career in the financial services industry in 1999. This long tenure has given him substantial experience. Jeff Champigny started his financial services career at Merrill Lynch in 2017, later moving to Edward Jones in 2022. Lisa Rosenberg, wife of Greer, began her career as a broker and investment advisor just last year, registering with Edward Jones in July. Their move to Kingsview marks a significant transition and is poised to enhance the services Kingsview offers to its clients in North Carolina. Wealth Enhancement Group has named three leadership roles including a new Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Chief Product Officer. They have hired Jim Cahn, Michael Fredericks and Dan Stampf to assume these roles, respectively. Michael Fredericks has taken over the role of chief investment officer, following his previous role as Managing Director and Head of Income Investing at BlackRock. In his new position, he is responsible for the investment process at Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services and for maintaining the quality of investment offerings for clients. Fredericks began his career in the finance industry in 1999 with Baring Investment Services and had a stint at JPMorgan Asset Management before joining BlackRock. Dan Stampf has been appointed as the Chief Product Officer at Wealth Enhancement Group. Prior to this role, he served as a Vice President at Empower and has also held positions at Fisher Investments and Personal Capital. His duties at Wealth Enhancement include overseeing financial and estate planning, tax strategies, and other client services. Fredericks will report directly to Jim Cahn, who was appointed as the chief strategy officer and chair of the investment committee. Cahn was formerly the chief investments and business development officer at Wealth Enhancement. A six-person advisory team from Morgan Stanley, managing approximately $1.2 billion in assets, has transitioned to Wells Fargo. The team, known as the AGR Group, is based in Beverly Hills, California and includes Advisors Lisa Amster, Gerald "Jerry" Gallagher, and Larry Roth, as well as Wealth Managers Michael Blood, Kelly Drinan, and Sammy Elguindi. They were previously at Morgan Stanley for about a decade after joining from Barclays Capital in 2014. At Morgan Stanley, they provided a range of services such as advice on corporate stock plans, pre-liquidity planning, risk management, and wealth education. The team will now report to Phil Winterson and Paul Vannuki at Wells Fargo. Amster, Gallagher, and Roth have extensive experience in the finance industry, with 21, 23, and 22 years respectively. Gallagher and Roth have previously worked together at UBS, Merrill Lynch, and Northern Trust Securities before joining Barclays, where they were joined by Amster. Michael Blood and Kelly Drinan, who have 19 and 20 years of experience respectively, also moved with the group from Barclays to Morgan Stanley. Blood had prior experience at Citigroup Global Markets, and Drinan at Goldman Sachs. Sammy Elguindi is the newest member of the industry, having been at Morgan Stanley since 2016. Matthew Gotlin has been appointed as the Chief Investment Officer of Choreo. Gotlin recently joined the firm in November 2023 after its recent acquisition of the affiliated wealth management business of BDO USA. In his new role, Gotlin will lead a team focused on developing client-centric investment solutions and conducting research on various aspects of the financial markets, including both public and private markets, and economic trends. Gotlin brings a wealth of experience to the position, having previously served as Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer at BDO USA. Prior to BDO, he was the Director of Research at Biegel & Waller. He also co-founded March Capital, a private equity firm targeting the lower middle market. He holds a Chartered Financial Analyst designation and has an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, as well as an undergraduate degree from Duke University. LPL Financial has added a trio of financial advisors Greg Mullaney, Colleen Kelly Abate, and Peter Pagano to its platform. The team, previously with Ameriprise Financial, reported managing approximately $300 million in assets. With their transition, they have launched Somnio Wealth, an independent financial practice located in Louisville, Kentucky.The name "Somnio Wealth" derives from the Latin word for "to dream," reflecting the firm\'s mission to aid clients in achieving the American Dream. The firm\'s colors, red, white, and blue, further emphasize this focus. Greg Mullaney serves as the Chief Executive Officer and a Private Wealth Advisor. Mullaney has over 15 years in the financial services industry and obtains a CFP designation. Colleen Kelly works as a financial advisor for Somnio Wealth. Before joining LPL Financial, she served as a financial advisor at ARGI Financial Group and worked in various roles within foreign services. During this time, she learned Spanish and studied French and Chinese. Similar to Mullaney, she also holds a CFP designation. Matt Dmytryszyn has been appointed as the new Chief Investment Officer of Miracle Mile Advisors, a Los Angeles-based RIA managing approximately $5.1 billion in assets. He replaces Peter Lowden, who has taken on the role of CIO at Syon Capital, San Francisco-based  a wealth management firm. Lowden\'s registration as an investment advisor with Miracle Mile ended on January 26 of this year. Dmytryszyn joins from Telemus Capital, where he served as CIO for nearly three years and was part of the team for over five years. Telemus Capital is supported by Focus Financial Partners. Before his tenure at Telemus, Dmytryszyn worked at LaSalle Street Capital Management, Russell Investments, and Piper Jaffray. Matt holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Outside of work, he is very active in the community, serving on the board of directors of Bridge Communities, and is a member of the Village of Downers Grove Planning Commission. Financial advisors Alejandro "Alex" De Leon and Robert "Bob" Gorman have joined LPL Financial from Wells Fargo. With this transition, the duo has established their own independent firm, Spotlight Financial, managing about $200 million in assets. Spotlight Financial is based in Corpus Christi, Texas. Alejandro "Alex" De Leon has been in the financial industry for over 20 years and also an active member of his community, where he serves as the President of the Corpus Christi Literary Reading Series. Bob Gorman is a seasoned financial advisor with 32 years in the industry. Their new venture aims to enhance client experiences with a strong emphasis on financial education and transparency. Taimur "Tam" Baig, seasoned financial advisor specializing in serving technology and biotechnology professionals, has moved from Morgan Stanley to join Raymond James & Associates in California. He will operate as Be Wealth Efficient, in which he brings $130 million in assets from Morgan Stanely. Baig started his financial services career at Merrill Lynch in 2009. He worked for seven years at Wells Fargo and then spent eight years at Morgan Stanley. In 2024, he founded Be Wealth Efficient at Raymond James. Additionally, Baig has served in the United States Marine Corps. Stifel Financial has acquired a team of advisors from Wells Fargo Advisors, which manages $395 million in assets. The team, based in Omaha, Nebraska, operates under the name Robino Private Wealth Management Group and consists of advisors Michael Robino and Brett Becker, Senior Client Associate Michelle Hattam, and Marketing Associate Katie Swanson. Robino\'s career in the financial industry began in 1994 at Financial Network Investment Corp., and he has also been associated with Wells Fargo. Michael earned the CFP certification and has built a practice that emphasizes strong client relationships, in-depth customization, and committed service. Brett Becker started his career in 2014 with Waddell & Reed and has worked with Insight Securities and Wells Fargo. Brett’s primary role is supporting Mike with client portfolios and works closely in wealth management. Brett holds both CFA and CAIA designations. Michelle Hattam has been in the industry since 1998, with registrations at Ameritrade, Scottrade, and multiple stints at Wells Fargo. Katie Swanson brings over nine years of experience from her tenure at Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has added a high-profile team of financial advisors from JPMorgan, consisting of Jeremy Schneider, Anthony Rizzo, Brett Langbert, and Roy Apple. Operating under the name Rizzo, Apple, Schneider, and Langbert Group, they are now part of Wells Fargo\'s bank channel in Palm Beach, Florida. The team was responsible for managing over $1.3 billion in assets at JPMorgan. They also generated more than $9.3 million in trailing 12-month production prior to their transition. Each member brings a wealth of experience: Schneider began in the financial services industry in 1996 an equity trader in the oil services sector. Anthony Rizzo since 1995 and prior to joining Wells Fargo, he previously managed growth, balanced and ETF portfolios as a member of J.P. Morgan Wealth Management Portfolio Manager Program. Roy Apple has over 30 years of financial services experience, including a background in both fixed income and equities since 1986. All three originally joined JPMorgan from Deutsche Bank Securities in 2014. Brett Langbert started his career in 1997 and moved to JPMorgan in 2018 from AllianceBernstein. Clayton Ortloff, a former Merrill Lynch advisor, has launched Heritage Private Wealth, an independent firm, in collaboration with LPL Financial. Based in his hometown of Midland, Texas, Ortloff is deeply connected to the community, offering insights into the local financial landscape. Since beginning his career in financial services in 2007 with Merrill Lynch, he has accumulated a significant clientele, managing around $800 million in assets, primarily for high-net-worth, multigenerational families in the oil and gas industry. Ortloff offers a range of wealth management services, including diversification strategies, management of concentrated stock positions, legacy planning, and charitable giving. Beyond his professional life, he is committed to his community, actively participating in charity work and local volunteer efforts. His team at Heritage Private Wealth includes Director of Client Relations Gloria Folsom, and Wealth Manager Assistants Allison Gordon and Rachael Sawyer.', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_299_how-to-host-an-effective-quarterly-update-webinar

{'title': 'How to Host an Effective Quarterly Update Webinar for Your Investment Firm', 'introduction': "As one quarter wraps up and another begins, many money managers are finalizing last quarter’s activity and starting to think about the best way to distribute it to their clients. This can be an overwhelming task, especially if you’re a larger firm. At Dakota we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have spent the last fifteen years working out the best ways to disseminate the information that is most critical to our clients. We do this through quarterly update webinars, which have been a grand slam success time and time again. In this article, we’re going to help you determine if a quarterly webinar is right for your investment firm, as well as the key things you need to know before you get started. By the end of the article, you’ll have a list of takeaways and a plan for how to get started planning your own update webinars. Is a quarterly update webinar right for your firm? At Dakota, we firmly believe that a quarterly webinar is the best piece of free marketing you can do for your firm and for your clients. However, we also know that they’re not feasible for everyone and can become a large strain on time and resources. If you manage a small to medium portfolio, though, whether you manage a single-product firm or a handful of products, you will want to do a quarterly webinar. If you’re a larger firm and have dozens of products, this might not be a fit for you, as it can become extremely time-consuming as you try to give an update on every one. In this case, a written update or abstract would be a better approach for your team. In the next section, we’ll outline what components you’ll need for a successful webinar. How do you start planning a quarterly webinar? The answer is simple, of course: you'll need to gather all the information you have about what happened over the last quarter, and provide an overview of that to your clients. In this section, we’ll break the webinar into two key components: email strategy and event outlines. 1. An email strategy Before you can present anything, you need to make sure that the right people are invited and attending the update webinar. We’ve found that this series of emails works best when planning out your webinar: A “save the date” email: This email notifies your clients that the webinar is upcoming, including the date and time so that they can ensure they’ll be available and can expect an update. An invitation with a link to register for the webinar: This is the formal event invitation that lists the date, time, and includes a link to register for the event. Be sure to encourage everyone to register even if they can’t attend it live, so that they can receive a copy of the recording afterwards. A day-of reminder: This email can be sent an hour or two before the webinar begins, reminding attendees that the event is upcoming. People get tons of emails and invitations, so it’s easy for things to get missed or forgotten. A follow-up email: These emails can be sent following the event, thanking everyone for their time and should include a link to watch the recording of the webinar. 2. An engaging, easy to follow event outline We all get invited to dozens of webinars and virtual events every month, so you likely already know how over-saturated this area can be. However, our team has found the following structure to be incredibly impactful, and has helped us find success over the last fifteen years. Remember, you’re doing this to make the lives of your clients easier, so you’ll want to make sure they’re absorbing the content. If you’re a public strategy, you’re going to first remind everyone who you are, what you do, and what you manage. It’s very important to do a refresher of your firm that is ideally one to two minutes long. Next, talk about what happened during the quarter: buys, sells, trims, adds, detractors, and all of the key elements of what happened during the quarter. Following that, you can highlight a theme or a trend that you’re seeing in the portfolio, and take a deep dive into one of your holdings. This can be a holding that you bought during the quarter, or a holding that you really wanted to highlight, and go deep on that holding. Finally, be sure to have some prepared concluding remarks, including some pre-planned questions. You should also always leave room for any additional questions at the end of your presentation. The entire webinar can be around twenty minutes long: you don’t need to speak for a long time, just enough to give a complete overview to your audience. Finally, we’ll dive into what you should do once the webinar is over. What should you do after the webinar? Upon the conclusion of the webinar, you can send out the recording of the presentation to the entire distribution list. This starts with sending it out to everyone who attended live, as well as anyone who registered but couldn’t attend at the time listed. Because you put so much time and effort into planning the webinar, though, there are other way you can distribute it as well. You can put the recording of the webinar on your website behind a form and encourage people to watch it at their leisure. Additionally, you can have it transcribed for anyone who would rather read through the content rather than listen. This ensures that the content is accessible and doesn’t leave anyone out. Finally, you can prepare an abstract of the presentation. This is a simple, one page summary of what was explained on the webinar, along with any key takeaways. This will let everyone know what’s happening with your firm even if they didn’t have the time to listen to the entire webinar. Being massively communicative on your investment strategy every quarter, in both good times and bad, ensures that you establish a relationship built on trust, communication, and transparency.", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'How to Host an Effective Quarterly Update Webinar for Your Investment Firm', 'content': "As one quarter wraps up and another begins, many money managers are finalizing last quarter’s activity and starting to think about the best way to distribute it to their clients. This can be an overwhelming task, especially if you’re a larger firm. At Dakota we’ve been fundraising since 2006, and have spent the last fifteen years working out the best ways to disseminate the information that is most critical to our clients. We do this through quarterly update webinars, which have been a grand slam success time and time again. In this article, we’re going to help you determine if a quarterly webinar is right for your investment firm, as well as the key things you need to know before you get started. By the end of the article, you’ll have a list of takeaways and a plan for how to get started planning your own update webinars. Is a quarterly update webinar right for your firm? At Dakota, we firmly believe that a quarterly webinar is the best piece of free marketing you can do for your firm and for your clients. However, we also know that they’re not feasible for everyone and can become a large strain on time and resources. If you manage a small to medium portfolio, though, whether you manage a single-product firm or a handful of products, you will want to do a quarterly webinar. If you’re a larger firm and have dozens of products, this might not be a fit for you, as it can become extremely time-consuming as you try to give an update on every one. In this case, a written update or abstract would be a better approach for your team. In the next section, we’ll outline what components you’ll need for a successful webinar. How do you start planning a quarterly webinar? The answer is simple, of course: you'll need to gather all the information you have about what happened over the last quarter, and provide an overview of that to your clients. In this section, we’ll break the webinar into two key components: email strategy and event outlines. 1. An email strategy Before you can present anything, you need to make sure that the right people are invited and attending the update webinar. We’ve found that this series of emails works best when planning out your webinar: A “save the date” email: This email notifies your clients that the webinar is upcoming, including the date and time so that they can ensure they’ll be available and can expect an update. An invitation with a link to register for the webinar: This is the formal event invitation that lists the date, time, and includes a link to register for the event. Be sure to encourage everyone to register even if they can’t attend it live, so that they can receive a copy of the recording afterwards. A day-of reminder: This email can be sent an hour or two before the webinar begins, reminding attendees that the event is upcoming. People get tons of emails and invitations, so it’s easy for things to get missed or forgotten. A follow-up email: These emails can be sent following the event, thanking everyone for their time and should include a link to watch the recording of the webinar. 2. An engaging, easy to follow event outline We all get invited to dozens of webinars and virtual events every month, so you likely already know how over-saturated this area can be. However, our team has found the following structure to be incredibly impactful, and has helped us find success over the last fifteen years. Remember, you’re doing this to make the lives of your clients easier, so you’ll want to make sure they’re absorbing the content. If you’re a public strategy, you’re going to first remind everyone who you are, what you do, and what you manage. It’s very important to do a refresher of your firm that is ideally one to two minutes long. Next, talk about what happened during the quarter: buys, sells, trims, adds, detractors, and all of the key elements of what happened during the quarter. Following that, you can highlight a theme or a trend that you’re seeing in the portfolio, and take a deep dive into one of your holdings. This can be a holding that you bought during the quarter, or a holding that you really wanted to highlight, and go deep on that holding. Finally, be sure to have some prepared concluding remarks, including some pre-planned questions. You should also always leave room for any additional questions at the end of your presentation. The entire webinar can be around twenty minutes long: you don’t need to speak for a long time, just enough to give a complete overview to your audience. Finally, we’ll dive into what you should do once the webinar is over. What should you do after the webinar? Upon the conclusion of the webinar, you can send out the recording of the presentation to the entire distribution list. This starts with sending it out to everyone who attended live, as well as anyone who registered but couldn’t attend at the time listed. Because you put so much time and effort into planning the webinar, though, there are other way you can distribute it as well. You can put the recording of the webinar on your website behind a form and encourage people to watch it at their leisure. Additionally, you can have it transcribed for anyone who would rather read through the content rather than listen. This ensures that the content is accessible and doesn’t leave anyone out. Finally, you can prepare an abstract of the presentation. This is a simple, one page summary of what was explained on the webinar, along with any key takeaways. This will let everyone know what’s happening with your firm even if they didn’t have the time to listen to the entire webinar. Being massively communicative on your investment strategy every quarter, in both good times and bad, ensures that you establish a relationship built on trust, communication, and transparency.", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_272_q2-13f-trends-equity-sub-asset-flows

{'title': 'Q2 13F Trends: Equity Sub-Asset Flows', 'introduction': "Capping off the 13F-flow trends we observed among allocators for the second quarter, even though equity market performance has been lagging, asset class flows have been telling us another story - more specifically, the vehicles used to gain exposure. As noted, a few weeks ago equities still captured 57% of the net positive ETF flows from an asset class perspective. What's interesting is the same trends were not present in mutual fund flows as reported by Refintiv | Lipper. US equities had net-outflows of $41 B, vs the inflows we measured via ETFs of $38B, with the same trends present in International Equities. Asset Class Q1-2022-net flow in $ Q2-2022- net flow in $ US Equity- ETF 87,611,598,791 38,090,000,000 US Equity- mutual fund (16,586,425,002) (41,600,342,331) International Equity 1,376,175,145 (31,738,148,822.00) International Equity-ETF 40,480,424,411 15,780,000,000 This tells us that allocators are not just looking at asset classes in portfolio construction, but that different trends can be observed in the vehicles used. The top category where funds maintained strong net-positive flows were in alternative focused strategies, while we did not see the same via ETF 13-F, as they captured half the assets as mutual fund vehicles in alts. The top sub-asset class where we saw identical trends, no matter the vehicle, was in foreign large blend strategies with both funds and ETFs seeing strong quarter over quarter flows. The sub-asset class that illustrated biggest divergence of flows was in emerging market equities as mutual funds saw outflows of $8.5B, versus ETFs seeing inflows of $6.5B into emerging markets. On the surface one would think this is a traditional “active into passive” shift, however the 13Fs in Marketplace showed that many of these strategies are in fact active or factor bent, rather than traditional passive. Looking at the Q2 equity sub asset class flows of note, the following trends caught our attention: Large value Foreign Large Blend Emerging Markets Large Blend Healthcare Large Growth Foreign Large Value Demand for income related stocks in the Large Value sub-asset class drew the most flows and is now running 25% higher than for all of 2021. If there was one outlier for Q2, it was the outflows from financials sector, mainly via passive ETFs. Equity Sub-Asset Class Q1-2022-net flow-ETFs Q2-2022- net flow-ETFs Percent of net-flow Large Value $33,975,992,232.00 $23,428,516,732.00 33% Foreign Large Blend $14,898,648,021.00 $7,528,816,786.00 11% Diversified Emerging Markets $ 11,435,910,192.00 $ 6,501,913,754.00 9% Large Blend $39,919,990,551.00 $ 5,161,531,466.00 7% Health $ 2,929,021,720.00 $4,545,892,142.00 6% Large Growth $3,895,740,698.00 $3,898,469,526.00 5% Foreign Large Value $2,963,999,153.00 $3,334,895,595.00 5% Outlier of note Financials $2,321,108,627.00 $(14,678,050,000) (15.00)%", 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'Q2 13F Trends: Equity Sub-Asset Flows', 'content': "Capping off the 13F-flow trends we observed among allocators for the second quarter, even though equity market performance has been lagging, asset class flows have been telling us another story - more specifically, the vehicles used to gain exposure. As noted, a few weeks ago equities still captured 57% of the net positive ETF flows from an asset class perspective. What's interesting is the same trends were not present in mutual fund flows as reported by Refintiv | Lipper. US equities had net-outflows of $41 B, vs the inflows we measured via ETFs of $38B, with the same trends present in International Equities. Asset Class Q1-2022-net flow in $ Q2-2022- net flow in $ US Equity- ETF 87,611,598,791 38,090,000,000 US Equity- mutual fund (16,586,425,002) (41,600,342,331) International Equity 1,376,175,145 (31,738,148,822.00) International Equity-ETF 40,480,424,411 15,780,000,000 This tells us that allocators are not just looking at asset classes in portfolio construction, but that different trends can be observed in the vehicles used. The top category where funds maintained strong net-positive flows were in alternative focused strategies, while we did not see the same via ETF 13-F, as they captured half the assets as mutual fund vehicles in alts. The top sub-asset class where we saw identical trends, no matter the vehicle, was in foreign large blend strategies with both funds and ETFs seeing strong quarter over quarter flows. The sub-asset class that illustrated biggest divergence of flows was in emerging market equities as mutual funds saw outflows of $8.5B, versus ETFs seeing inflows of $6.5B into emerging markets. On the surface one would think this is a traditional “active into passive” shift, however the 13Fs in Marketplace showed that many of these strategies are in fact active or factor bent, rather than traditional passive. Looking at the Q2 equity sub asset class flows of note, the following trends caught our attention: Large value Foreign Large Blend Emerging Markets Large Blend Healthcare Large Growth Foreign Large Value Demand for income related stocks in the Large Value sub-asset class drew the most flows and is now running 25% higher than for all of 2021. If there was one outlier for Q2, it was the outflows from financials sector, mainly via passive ETFs. Equity Sub-Asset Class Q1-2022-net flow-ETFs Q2-2022- net flow-ETFs Percent of net-flow Large Value $33,975,992,232.00 $23,428,516,732.00 33% Foreign Large Blend $14,898,648,021.00 $7,528,816,786.00 11% Diversified Emerging Markets $ 11,435,910,192.00 $ 6,501,913,754.00 9% Large Blend $39,919,990,551.00 $ 5,161,531,466.00 7% Health $ 2,929,021,720.00 $4,545,892,142.00 6% Large Growth $3,895,740,698.00 $3,898,469,526.00 5% Foreign Large Value $2,963,999,153.00 $3,334,895,595.00 5% Outlier of note Financials $2,321,108,627.00 $(14,678,050,000) (15.00)%", 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---


# article_018_may-2025-public-plan-commitments-allocation-summar

{'title': 'May 2025 Public Plan Commitments | Allocation Summary', 'introduction': 'In May, Dakota tracked over $13.47B across 126 investments from 36 distinct pension funds or entities disclosing their commitments. In this article, we highlight the top allocators and allocations made in the month of May by these public institutions: The Top Allocators for the Month: California State Teachers’ Retirement System disclosed $2.9B in new commitments CPP Investments reported an additional $2.3B in commitments New Jersey Division of Investment reported $1.2B in commitments Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of $7.7B was directed into 64 investments, making up approximately 56.9% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $1.4B was invested through 16 deals, constituting 10.5% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $1.8B allocated across 15 investments, representing 13.3% of commitments. Real Assets/Infrastructure: $866M was allocated across seven investments, accounting for 6.4% of the month’s total. Venture Capital: $896M was invested across 18 investments, approximately 6.6% of investments. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 39.2% of overall commitments, with $5.28B allocated to 38 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $310M in commitments, equal to 2.3% of the total. Direct Lending strategies accounted for 1.3% of investments, attracting $175M to the asset class. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $1.2B in commitments, representing 9.2% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $1.6B, which was 11.5% of the investments tracked in May. Significant Allocations in May: CPP Investments EQT Infrastructure VI (Private Infrastructure): $542M Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe VII (Real Estate): $542M Nordic Capital Fund XI (Private Equity): $498.7M EQT Infrastructure VI (Private Infrastructure): $542M Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe VII (Real Estate): $542M Nordic Capital Fund XI (Private Equity): $498.7M Mass PRIM - Advent International GPE XI (Private Equity): $426M New Jersey Division of Investment - Townsend Mid-Market SMA (Real Estate): $400M Smaller Allocations: Santa Barbara County Employees’ Retirement System NovaCap International Technologies VII (Private Equity): $7.5M High Street Value Fund II (Real Estate): $7.5M NovaCap International Technologies VII (Private Equity): $7.5M High Street Value Fund II (Real Estate): $7.5M Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Mayfield Select III (Venture Capital): $5.3M California State Teachers’ Retirement System AutoScout24 (Private Equity): $4.4M The Resolute Fund IV CFS Continuation Fund (Private Equity): $2M AutoScout24 (Private Equity): $4.4M The Resolute Fund IV CFS Continuation Fund (Private Equity): $2M To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!', 'sections': [{'type': 'section', 'level': 1, 'title': 'May 2025 Public Plan Commitments | Allocation Summary', 'content': 'In May, Dakota tracked over $13.47B across 126 investments from 36 distinct pension funds or entities disclosing their commitments. In this article, we highlight the top allocators and allocations made in the month of May by these public institutions: The Top Allocators for the Month: California State Teachers’ Retirement System disclosed $2.9B in new commitments CPP Investments reported an additional $2.3B in commitments New Jersey Division of Investment reported $1.2B in commitments Asset Classes: Private Equity: A total of $7.7B was directed into 64 investments, making up approximately 56.9% of the month’s commitments. Private Credit: $1.4B was invested through 16 deals, constituting 10.5% of the total. Private Real Estate: This category saw $1.8B allocated across 15 investments, representing 13.3% of commitments. Real Assets/Infrastructure: $866M was allocated across seven investments, accounting for 6.4% of the month’s total. Venture Capital: $896M was invested across 18 investments, approximately 6.6% of investments. Sub-Asset Classes: Private Equity: Buyouts made up 39.2% of overall commitments, with $5.28B allocated to 38 funds ranging from lower middle market to large buyout strategies. Private Credit: Opportunistic strategies attracted $310M in commitments, equal to 2.3% of the total. Direct Lending strategies accounted for 1.3% of investments, attracting $175M to the asset class. Real Assets: Infrastructure investments saw over $1.2B in commitments, representing 9.2% of the month’s allocations. Real Estate: Opportunistic and value-added strategies accounted for $1.6B, which was 11.5% of the investments tracked in May. Significant Allocations in May: CPP Investments EQT Infrastructure VI (Private Infrastructure): $542M Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe VII (Real Estate): $542M Nordic Capital Fund XI (Private Equity): $498.7M EQT Infrastructure VI (Private Infrastructure): $542M Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe VII (Real Estate): $542M Nordic Capital Fund XI (Private Equity): $498.7M Mass PRIM - Advent International GPE XI (Private Equity): $426M New Jersey Division of Investment - Townsend Mid-Market SMA (Real Estate): $400M Smaller Allocations: Santa Barbara County Employees’ Retirement System NovaCap International Technologies VII (Private Equity): $7.5M High Street Value Fund II (Real Estate): $7.5M NovaCap International Technologies VII (Private Equity): $7.5M High Street Value Fund II (Real Estate): $7.5M Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Mayfield Select III (Venture Capital): $5.3M California State Teachers’ Retirement System AutoScout24 (Private Equity): $4.4M The Resolute Fund IV CFS Continuation Fund (Private Equity): $2M AutoScout24 (Private Equity): $4.4M The Resolute Fund IV CFS Continuation Fund (Private Equity): $2M To explore more Public Pension Plans and industry turnover, book a demo of Dakota Marketplace!', 'bullet_points': [], 'subsections': []}], 'key_takeaways': [], 'faqs': []}

---

